--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Open Computing Facility
General Meeting
31 January 2000


In attendance:
        Elaine Chao (chaos)
        Bem Jones-Bey (ajani)
        Jason Castello (castello)
        Eugene Chan (ceugene)
        Jeff Emrich (jeffe)
        Devin Jones (jones)
        Wayne Kao (kaow)
        Steve Martinot (marto)
        Stephen McCamant (smcc)
        Ken Ott (kenao)
        Akop Pogosion (akopps)
        Katrina Templeton (katster)
        
The meeting was opened at 7:08pm

I. Reports

        General Manager

        Ken and Devin gave the GM's report.  They've been finalizing the 
        details with the February 2 startup fair and getting more 
        companies to come.  OCF staff volunteered to put up flyers
        advertising the event in different campus buildings including Soda 
        and Cory, and volunteered to help staff the fair itself.  Devin 
        noted the OCF has made four times the money this year than from 
        the last startup fair.  All that's left to do is to finish the 
        handout that will be handed out at the fair.
               
        Site Manager
        
        Akop wants to have a new staff orientation soon.  He reminded 
        everyone that almost no one has scheduled staff hours but that now 
        is the time to do so since class schedules are finalized.  The lab 
        computers have been upgraded to Solaris 7 and there will be a 
        service interruption later this week to install some patches.  
        Alan Coopersmith still has the key to Barrows but Ken said he 
        could get it from him.  Stephen McCamant reported the installation 
        of 3D graphics libraries.
        
II. Elections

        General Manager
        Ken Ott read off the duties of the GM from the constitution.  
        Elaine Chao noted two additional GM duties, to do budget 
        allocations and do the midterm report.  Devin and Ken said they
        would finish the projects they had started including the new 
        Heller Lounge lab. 

        Stephen McCamant and !psb were nominated.  Devin Jones and Ken Ott
        were also nominated but declined.  Stephen McCamant is elected.
        

        Site Manager
        
        Akop Pogosion and !psb were nominated.  Ken Ott was nominated but 
        had left the meeting so was not present to accept the nomination. 
        Akop was elected unanimously.
        

        Board of Directors
        Bem Jones-Bey, Jason Castello, Eugene Chan, Jeff Emrich, Wayne
        Kao, and Katrina Templeton are elected to the BoD.  Stephen 
        McCamant and Akop Pogosion are part of the BoD by default because 
        they are the GM and SM.
        

        Faculty Advisor
        
        Brian Harvey was nominated and elected as advisor.
        

        Disk Usage Management Board (DMB)
        
        Stephen McCamant proposed that the BoD make quota decisions since 
        the DMB was ineffective during the fall semester, but Elaine 
        Chao said that this was not wise because the BoD was there to 
        appeal decisions made by the DMB in case the DMB made a bad 
        decision.

        Katrina Templeton was nominated and elected to the BoD.


        Other positions

        Decisions about these positions were postoned to be decided at a
        future meeting.
                              
III. Old Business

        There was no old business.
        
IV. New Business

        Quotas

        At the last general meeting, members voted on new quotas due to
        increased disk space.  Because of how the constitution reads, by 
        doing this, the BoD can no longer change quotas.  Bem motioned
        that the BoD be allowed to once again set quotas and the motion 
        carried.


        Constitutional Amendment

        Stephen McCamant presented the board with a proposal for an
        amendment to update the constitution's non-discrimination
        clause.  It was presented to the BoD at the last Board of 
        Directors meeting as required by the constitution:



        Current language:
        ----------------

        7.1 Nondiscrimination 

        The OCF shall not discriminate in any way against any person
        by race, color, religion, marital status, national origin,
        sex, age, sexual orientation, handicap, college major or
        political activity.


        Proposed new language:
        ---------------------

        7.1 Non-discrimination

        7.1.1 In Accord with Berkeley Campus Regulations

        The OCF shall not restrict membership or otherwise
        discriminate in any way against any person or group on the
        basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex,
        physical or mental disability, medical condition
        (cancer-related or genetic characteristics), ancestry,
        marital status, age, sexual orientation, citizenship or
        status as a covered veteran (special disabled veteran,
        Vietnam-era veteran or any other veteran who served on
        active duty during a war or in a campaign or expedition for
        which a campaign badge has been authorized).

        7.1.2 Fields of Study

        The OCF shall not restrict membership or otherwise
        discriminate in any way against any person or group on the
        basis of college major or field of study. However, this
        section shall not be construed as restricting the OCF from
        providing separate facilities for different uses, as long as
        the availability of such facilities is proportionate to
        demand among the OCF's current and potential users.

        7.1.3 Political Activity

        The OCF shall not restrict membership or otherwise
        discriminate in any way against any person or group on the
        basis of political activity.

        ---- (End of amendment)



        Steve noted that there had been concerns that the amendment had
        not been available to the general public for a week as required by 
        the constitution and that perhaps another general meeting should 
        be held to vote on the issue after the amendment could be reviewed 
        a full week by the public.  Steve Martinot suggested that having 
        another general meeting, like one during the February 2 startup 
        fair, could allow more of the general membership to participate in 
        a general meeting, but if not, it should be voted on right away 
        instead of wasting time on a technicality.  Elaine Chao said that 
        the constitution should be followed even if it is inconvenient to.


        Next meeting

        Kat motioned to have a general meeting next week on Tuesday 
        February 8 at 5:30 pm, probably in Dwinelle.  Bem seconded the 
        motion.

VII. Announcements
        There were no announcements.     

The meeting was closed at 8:30pm.




Recorded by Wayne Kao (kaow).
