                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Delivered-To: elliot42@gmail.com
Received: by 10.114.235.5 with SMTP id i5cs89702wah;
        Thu, 8 Feb 2007 22:32:34 -0800 (PST)
Received: by 10.35.106.15 with SMTP id i15mr24596782pym.1171002754466;
        Thu, 08 Feb 2007 22:32:34 -0800 (PST)
Return-Path: <gm@ocf.berkeley.edu>
Received: from war.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (sinkhole.OCF.Berkeley.EDU [192.58.221.250])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id f55si5092537pyh.2007.02.08.22.32.32;
        Thu, 08 Feb 2007 22:32:34 -0800 (PST)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of gm@ocf.berkeley.edu designates 192.58.221.250 as permitted sender)
Received: from [136.152.138.173] (asuc-wlan-net-34.AirBears.Berkeley.EDU [136.152.138.173])
	by war.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (8.13.7/8.9.3) with ESMTP id l196TopS021171
	for <bod@ocf.berkeley.edu>; Thu, 8 Feb 2007 22:29:51 -0800 (PST)
	(envelope-from thomson@ocf.berkeley.edu)
Message-ID: <45CC14E0.3030408@ocf.berkeley.edu>
Date: Thu, 08 Feb 2007 22:29:52 -0800
From: Thomson Nguyen <thomson@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>
Reply-To: thomson@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Organization: Open Computing Facility
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.9 (X11/20070103)
MIME-Version: 1.0
To: bod@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Subject: bod 2/8/2007
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

OCF Board of Directors Meeting
February 8, 2007
------------------------------

Attending:
------------------------------
akit& (Angel Kittiyachavalit)
sahnn& (Sue Ahnn)
aoaks* (Aaron Oaks)
wln (Willis Lin)
thomson@ (Thomson Nguyen)
meithan (Mei Than)
geo (George Wu)
gordeon (Gordon Mei)
griffin (Griffin Foster)
jchu! (Jonathan Chu)
wendaz (Wenda Zhou)
abhi (Abhi Yerra)
cld (Catey Davidson)
cardi (Calvin Ardi)
sluo (Steven Luo)
frank (Frank Cohen)
dima (Dima Shirchenko)
elliot (Elliot Block)
frank (Frank Cohen)

&: Denotes GM
*: Denotes SM
@: Denotes Secretary
!: Denotes PIMP
^: Denotes person not on BoD

Not Attending:
------------------------------
yury (Yury Sobolev)
aclee (Alexander Lee)
dvolmar (Dan Volmar)
maymei (May Mei)
jameson (Jameson Lee)
tony (Tony Hu)
 
Quorum for today: 16
BoD members attending: 17
Non-members attendint: 0

**Quorum met!**

Meeting called to order at 7:14 PM

Agenda:

--GM--

- Nap time!
- Budget: $10,892.31
    includes geo's $2k order
- T-shirt
    griffin: sent out at least 10 formats of t-shirt order, they called 
and said it was ok, will be done by end of next week.
- PC Mall corporate account
    login credentials on staffwiki
    8-12% discount
- Keyboards
    jameson: 20-30 keyboards in server room!
    sahnn: are they dirty?
    aoaks: yes. most of them are sun keyboards and suck. May be one or 
two that are USB.
    frank: jenga?
    angel: don't think there's enough.
    sluo: junk them if we want. they're not much use. the adapter for 
general use costs more than the keyboards. ping irc to see if anyone 
wants keyboards first.

- kennish (crusty) works at cisco, has color printers in San Jose!
    meithan: i have a car
    thomson: so you can take people to in-n-out...
    akit: can you do it this weekend?
    meithan: i can do it this sunday, probably.
    abhi: i have a truck
    BoD: wtf?!?!?
    meithan: a truck would be better
    aoaks: we might need a cover
    abhi: i think we might have that
    elliot: i can just use my van, i just need people to accompany me.
    various: ok!
    sluo: we'd have to get new toner
    aoaks: there's some setup involved.
    elliot: we'll contact kennish, and figure it out
    meithan: how many printers?
    akit: 3.
    elliot: i will draft a new color printer policy and it will be 
finalized in two weeks.

(random talk about jameson sleeping)

- Being nice to users
    sahnn: we should be nice to users.
    abhi: you can't do this while yury's not here...
    sahnn: our users are sometimes jerks, but sometimes they just have 
honest questions or they have a paper due in 5 minutes; at the same 
time, some people don't know what a 'print queue' is, or how much work 
we have to do to keep the OCF running. try to be nice to them because we 
are like a volunteer organization.
    akit: for example, when staff members say `what does it say on the 
printer/whiteboard?' condescendingly.
    wendaz: should i close the door?
    akit: yes.
    sahnn: maybe a huge banner that says we're volunteers? anyway, users 
get the feeling that we're snobby tech-y people.
    meithan: events that include users?
    akit: do you know how many users we have?
    sluo: no users would go.
    sahnn: if we had free food, users would go.
    sluo: if we had free food, we'd have no budget
    elliot: do people get mad at users because staff members are doing 
homework off office hours, or are they mad because they just don't want 
to do office hours? we should figure out a way.
    frank: i think it stems from the fact that staff members get asked 
the same question 16 times.
    sluo: joshk had a desktop background on fallingrocks that had common 
tips on how to load firefox, openoffice,etc.
    abhi: doesn't rescomp have popups when you load up?
    sluo: wmf has a desktop bg that says DON'T FORGET TO LOG OUT
    thomson: use festival?
    sluo: have a sequence of public service announcements
    elliot: we can have a project team on educational materials
    wendaz: users are just lazy sometimes and want to talk to staff members
    
- Fundraising
    akit: ideas? e-mail/irc/talk to us!
    akit: grant writing for NSF, project group to come
    sahnn: it's on the staffwiki, right?
    sluo: does everyone have staffwiki access? holler if you want an 
account bur/sysops    

- Big Ideas
    akit: place where people post projects, companies look and see if 
they want to fund it, maybe put OCF on it?

- Flyers
    akit: any help?
    frank: steal staplers from some organization

- Tabling
    akit: if you have any time to help, talk to us! give us your google 
calendars
    thomson: next time planned?
    akit: tuesday, 11-2pm.
    akit: recruiting is important, except milki, who's a youngin'
    sluo: he can be co-furher with cardi/willis
    sahnn: OCF banner to hang at the table?
    akit: we can vote on it at next BoD, pull a geo

- Potluck
    akit: tomorrow! thomson's bringing his wii, maymei made fried mac n' 
cheese, griffin will make cookies, abhi will make fried potatoes, milki 
will bring juice
    abhi: someone bringing rice?
    akit: willis will bring rice
    aoaks: we have a george foreman
    thomson: we can george foreman burgers
    griffin: we can george foreman anything

(much reminiscing about an old BBQ that didn't quite work)

- Maintenance Day!
    akit: is everyone free on 2/24/07, 11am?
    (silence)
    sluo: company dinner in the evening
    akit: so...you can still clean, right?
    sluo: ...
    akit: afterward, we can bust out the projector and play wii/watch movies

- Bowling
    akit: does anyone want to play bowling...IRL? in march?
    sluo: too much time in advance
    akit: but bowling is ok right?
    various: we're not good at physical exertion
    frank: we went hiking last semester
    sahnn: didn't you guys almost die?
    frank: ...

- Abhi
    akit: for some reason we need to discuss abhi?
    abhi: advertising for a job for devin: he's still looking for people 
to work at boalt, if you have any php experience or sql experience, 
contact him djones@law.berkeley and it's a pretty cool job and it looks 
good on a resume. he also wanted to do a web development decal. how many 
people are interested in joining or helping out?
    sahnn: next semester?
    abhi: yes.
    (no one raises their hand, but they talk about it positively)

----SM----

- Website!
    aoaks: gordeon did a really good job
    (everyone claps)
    aoaks: you're still updating the dynamic pages, right?
    gordeon: do i have access?
    sluo: yes
    aoaks: so soon, every page will look like gordeon's gamma 
design...he's also been our main wiki updater
    sluo: you need to fix your images though, and tls (explains what tls is)
    gordeon: i'm not going to remember this
    sluo: i'll e-mail you
    
    sluo: we need to send something about openssh

- Vista!
    aoaks: vista has been installed on welchia...it runs, yes, but we 
got the lowest windows experience score
    thomson: out of 10?
    cardi: out of 6
    sluo: out of some number more than 1
    thomson: we can just tell them that vista doesn't work on our computers
    sluo: our gateways are 7 years old, we need to work on an upgrade 
schedule. we only upgrade when things are utterly obsolete; would be 
nice if we upgraded before it became too obsolete and thus a bottleneck. 
we could come up with an upgrade schedule.
    sluo: this needs to be done in the next two years
    akit: i don't know how much money is left after our paper/toner buying.
    

- Backup System
    aoaks: mostly from sle, i don't know much about the current one
    dima: there is none. that's why
    sluo: we had a tapeloader and a cron job that was scheduled to run 
every week or so. it would be rsync'ed to death. there are scripts to do 
this which only akopps understands. our goal is to implement something 
that !akopps understands. proposed solution was something with a turnkey?
    elliot: i'd like to make it into a group
    
- UPS
    aoaks: apparently last semester we allocated money to buy UPS and 
didn't buy anything. do we still have that money allocated?
    sluo: yes, it's within the budget year. just go buy it!
    aoaks: UPS project group, elliot will do it

elliot: move SMTP before project groups

- SMTP
    aoaks: we were supposed to tell users to not use unauth SMTP, but we 
haven't done so; the minimum network security requirements were enacted 
two years ago!
    sluo: it's slow for a lot of other labs too, so don't be so hard on 
ourselves, although it's still not a good thing
    aoaks: gordeon made some screenshots
    sluo: they're wrong, they need to be uploaded to mediawiki, not 
hotlinked from ~gordeon
    aoaks: we need to give users 2 weeks lead time
    sluo: the settings we currently have posted just don't work, this is 
a result from things we did to war to reduce load.
    aoaks: we could just turn it off tonight, we need to finish the 
e-mail, gordeon needs to fix his wiki article, and we could give them a 
week. anyone have anything else to say?
    sluo: we discovered something in our testing that m$ outlook express 
will not work with our current configuration at all. there's a 
difference between start TLS, start TLS (if available) and going 
straight to SSL. we need to offer TLS and SSL. this involves sendmail 
hacks or stunnel
    
- sluo!
    aoaks: we should thank sluo for staying up until 6am to patch stuff
    (claps)
    sluo: thanks

- Project Groups!
    elliot: rotate your chairs 90 degrees!
    (rotates)
    elliot: i invite everyone to write one or more ideas on the board to 
improve the OCF...like set up mail server, banner, in-n-out, swing 
dance, cooking (because we have a potluck), programming, 
LDAP/kerberos...the point is we have a lot of procrastination time, we 
might as well take advantage of it.     
    thomson: with gordeon's gamma, we can have online user signup
    elliot: i'll make groups of related topics
    the following things are on the blackboard:
    programming
    mail server
    banner
    ant-semitism
    imaging
    hamburgers
    game dev
    network
    online user signup
    dota
    cooking
    web dev
    flyering
    video streaming
    fundraising/publicity
    web interface for webspace management
    recruiting
    rock and roll
    extreme pwnage
    retinal scan access
    grants

    meithan: definitely online user signup and mysql replication
    elliot: LDAP/Kerberos is definitely going to happen
    sahnn: it would help if we explained what technical issues are so 
that staff members would be interested
    elliot: explains what kerberos is, basically it's going to be more 
secure/awesome. mail server must be more secure/faster, staff members 
who do this would learn a thing or two about sysadmin'ing
    abhi: me and cardi are going to work on mysql replication, rt, and 
webdev and other things, if anyone's interested, add to the staffwiki
    sluo: rt is basically a issue tracker, to make sure e-mails don't 
get lost
    elliot: everyone should be signing up for something; if you don't, 
you have to realize that you're not doing anything for the OCF
    abhi: we need to document stuff for future OCF staff members so we 
don't trip over ourselves
    sluo: read the staffwiki page on LDAP, lol
    elliot: LDAP/kerberos, RT, mysql replication will meet weekly. 
basically: i'll pay for your food or books, it's just going to happen.
    sahnn: if n00b staff members want to help, will they be able to 
learn as they go?
    sluo: it depends. LDAP--maybe, webdev, definitely
    elliot: after BoD today, i'd like to set up times to meet and 
details and such. and i'm also not against scheduling dota games, jew 
meetings, etc.
    dima: i want a security group
    (geo peers at the minutes as it is being typed)
    akit: anything to add?
    dima: security, every friday, 7-8 pm
    elliot: are you going to be there?
    dima: jameson will
    geo: gameserver, online escort service
    elliot: ok, once BoD ends, everyone talk to people about joining groups.

---Motion---
sluo: move to allocate $1k for SM discretionary fund
cld seconds, followed by a lot of people
motion passes: 14/1/2
---Motion---

cld moves to adjourn
aoaks seconds

---Adjourned 8:24---

