                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Delivered-To: elliot42@gmail.com
Received: by 10.114.235.5 with SMTP id i5cs4063wah;
        Thu, 15 Feb 2007 21:01:56 -0800 (PST)
Received: by 10.35.93.19 with SMTP id v19mr5144094pyl.1171602116051;
        Thu, 15 Feb 2007 21:01:56 -0800 (PST)
Return-Path: <gm@ocf.berkeley.edu>
Received: from war.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (sinkhole.OCF.Berkeley.EDU [192.58.221.250])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id w29si3257180pyg.2007.02.15.21.01.54;
        Thu, 15 Feb 2007 21:01:56 -0800 (PST)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: best guess record for domain of gm@ocf.berkeley.edu designates 192.58.221.250 as permitted sender)
Received: from [136.152.138.148] (asuc-wlan-net-9.AirBears.Berkeley.EDU [136.152.138.148])
	by war.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (8.13.7/8.9.3) with ESMTP id l1G4xjUC014815;
	Thu, 15 Feb 2007 20:59:45 -0800 (PST)
	(envelope-from thomson@ocf.berkeley.edu)
Message-ID: <45D53A42.6020500@ocf.berkeley.edu>
Date: Thu, 15 Feb 2007 20:59:46 -0800
From: Thomson Nguyen <thomson@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>
Reply-To: thomson@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Organization: Open Computing Facility
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.9 (X11/20070103)
MIME-Version: 1.0
To: bod@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Subject: BoD 2/15/07
X-Enigmail-Version: 0.94.2.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1

Hey guys, here are BoD minutes. Suggestions and comments appreciated,
will go live in an hour.

- --Thomson
OCF Sexy man

- ----------------------------------
Open Computing Facility
University of California, Berkeley
Board of Directors Meeting #2
February 8, 2007
- ----------------------------------

<<<<<<Secretary: Thomson Nguyen>>>>>>

*Note: All dates are of the form MM/DD/YYYY*

*Note: Dialogue may be slightly paraphrased--content has been retained*

*Note: All motions will have the numbering SP07-###, where ### is athree
digit positive integer. Example: The first motion (SP07-001) was last
week, and concerns mail quotas. Motion vote counts will always be of the
form # (in favor/# oppose/# abstaining). Motions to adjourn are not
included.*

*Note: Proposed Agenda refers to the agenda written on the blackboard
shortly before BoD begins. Agenda refers the actual agenda covered
during BoD.

Attending:
- ------------------------------
&akit (Angel Kittiyachavalit, General Manager)
&sahnn (Sue Ahnn, General Manager)
*elliot (Elliot Block, Site Manager)
*aoaks (Aaron Oaks, Site Manager)
@thomson (Thomson Nguyen, Secretary)
!jchu (Jonathan Chu, PIMP)
wln (Willis Lin)
meithan (Mei Than)
gordeon (Gordon Mei)
griffin (Griffin Foster)
wendaz (Wenda Zhou)
abhi (Abhi Yerra)
cld (Catey Davidson)
cardi (Calvin Ardi)
sluo (Steven Luo)
frank (Frank Cohen)
yury (Yury Sobolev) (One absence in a row, absence counter resets)
dvolmar (Dan Volmar) (One absence in a row, absence counter resets)
maymei (May Mei) (One absence in a row, absence counter resets)
jameson (Jameson Lee) (One absence in a row, absence counter resets)
^devin (Devin Jones)

&: Denotes GM
*: Denotes SM
@: Denotes Secretary
!: Denotes PIMP
^: Denotes person not on BoD

Not Attending:
- ------------------------------
dima (Dima Shirchenko) (First absence)
aclee (Alexander Lee) (Two absences in a row, dropped from BoD)
tony (Tony Hu) (Two absences in a row, dropped from BoD)
geo (George Wu) (First absence)

Quorum for today: 16
BoD members attending: 20
Non-members attending: 1

**Quorum has been met!**

<<Proposed Agenda>>

- ----GM----
- -Budget $7224.01!
- -T-shirt Update
- -Expansion Update
- -Tom
- -Grant Writing
- -Tabliing
- -AC
- -Maintenance Day!
- -Work Study

- ----SM----
- -Color Printer
- -Project Group Update
- -Website Holiday Mods
- -Mail Moved
- -OCF has a wii!!!

<<Meeting called to order at 7:14 PM>>

<<Agenda>>

- ----GM----
akit: hello everyone
- -Budget
	akit: $7222.01
	akit: after geo's $1900 tony's $413 order	
	yury: it's usually not that much
	akit: shady seller
	yury: there are other sellers for $300. we got ripped off
	akit: we also allocated $2k for UPS, don't know how that's going 	to
factor with more paper/toner

- -T-shirt
	akit: coming in 7-10 days, griffin fixed errors in the back 		
	design.
	griffin: it'll all be fine

- -Expansion
	akit: fullmer says they need help carrying books from the 		
	basement to somewhere outside of the basement. two hours of work
	required, volunteers will get free food
	yury: this is something you want to volunteer for, as we are 	
	making room for our own expansion
	akit: tell me your availability for next week

- -Tom
	akit: i saw tom, the guy who donated our server, he is giving us 	free
adobe software including adobe photoshop, illustrator, 	 	indesign
	akit: we need to fundraise because after UPS and paper/toner, we 	will
have no money for the summer
	
- -Workstudy
	akit: NEA sent me a workstudy job. you would bring your laptop 			with
a plugin for powerpoint that records audio 5-15 hours a 			week. (passes
around a flyer)

- -Tabling
	sahnn: Wednesdays and thursdays for tabling
	akit: because I know aoaks is free then
	cld: that's when my staff hours are
	maymei: i'm good for thurs
	akit: we could potentially make this a weekly thing
	elliot: cost-benefit analysis: is it because we don't get enough
users, is it fun?
	aoaks: it's loads of fun
	yury: we wear penguin suits
	akit: it gets our name out to people who don't otherwise know 		
	what/where the OCF is
	elliot: so it's for publicity. if it's for visibilty, we could 			pump
up our flyering
	akit: i have many flyers, i just need staplers
	frank: if you just want publicity, flyering by itself is pretty
	effective
	maymei: we prolly need the tabling

- -Mainentance Day
	akit: MD on Saturday, only five of you on facebook confirmed
	milki: send it to staffmail
	sahnn: there's going to be food + wii
	yury: you didn't send it to staffmail?
	akit: check the minutes, we wil be having food

- -AC
	akit: doesn't work, drain pump is not pumping correctly, so when 	you
open the door, a torrent of water comes out
	yury: maybe it's clogged
	akit: the floor is wet and could potentially get moldy
	aoaks: too late, it's already spilled
	maymei: we can get Bops to do it?
	akit: we bought it ourselves, so we have to service it
	jameson: did you find the manual/receipt?
	akit: i found the manual
	(devin walks in)
	akit: when did we buy the AC?
	devin: i think we bought one in 2000, exchanged it later on with
	david fullmer; we had a small one, he had one that was too big, 		it
was a perfect match
	akit: that's why, he gave us a lemon
	frank: we can hook a fountain pump next to a timer
	everyone: ...
	akit: as long as we don't actually break it. it works, it just 		
	doesn't drain correctly
	maymei: where does it usually drain?
	akit: outside, through a tube
	yury: two things: we're moving into an AC'ed room, so servers 			aren't
going to be a problem. we may want to trade fuller back 			as we don't
need this one currently. it's not quite meeting our 		cooling needs
	griffin: we can't exactly trade again, his is not exactly 			working
	yury: we're also overworking the AC due to our small throughput 		via pipes


- ----SM----

- -Printers
	elliot: friday, monday, any other time is good after 3pm.
	milki: weren't we going on sunday?
	elliot: he's not there on the weekends, we'll tak to him about 			when
to go

- -Project groups
	elliot: we had a good last week. met with cardi and talked about
	mysql, etc. met with gordeon and he's making a...
	gordeon: web based interface so one can manage account stuff 			online
w/o SSH
	yury: this might not be secure
	elliot: cardi?
	cardi: what we decided is that we have plans for a web 				development
server, ie get RoR and RT on it in addition to 			making a staff sandbox
for general playing around. we don't know 	which box we're going to use,
we want an AMD rackmount, we're 			still inventorying which ones are
being used for which...we
	basically want to take any AMD rackmount hozing and make it 			ours. i
know there's at least 3-4 not doing anything
	yury: plague prolly is open
	cardi: so we're going to take a box, install solaris 10. we meet
mondays at 7pm at the OCF. come if you're inerested! we have a 			wiki
page under projects.
	^_^
	elliot: web is thursdays at 6 at the OCF, yeah?
	gordeon: yes
	elliot: LDAP/Kerberos we need to reschedule...also I want to 			figure
out kerberos, and something sneaky that I can't tell you
	everyone: ooooooh
	elliot: supernova's broken, we're going to try to fix it
	(sluo coughs)
	yury: cough drop?
	aoaks: did anyone notice gordeon's website mod? (various people 		raise
their hands) if you didn't, he made the ilamp pink (for 			v-day), so
the plan is he'll localize it for different holidays. 	(looks at
secretary) stop typing what i'm saying
	sluo: except web is down right now
	everyone: what?!?!?
	akit: and everyone's here...

- -Mail
	aoaks: yury and i moved mail to headcrash
	yury: there was a period before i mounted stuff to pandemic 			during
which i was rsync'ing where stuff was lost for a 			20-minute period. whoops
	milki: tsunami is read only when i use mutt
	aoaks: don't use tsunami, use something else, it is not nice 			with mail.

- -Projects and stuff
	elliot: we're going to have a server for the web dev guys, we're 	going
to have someone do PHP for you, or at least have someone 			picked out,
we're going to have a time for LDAP/Kerberos, scheme 	for color printing,
	gordeon: can we vote on a color printer name?
	akit: how many?
	sluo: one color printer, the other are monochromes
	yury: let's wait until we can get them operational before naming 	them
	sluo: web is back up btw
	(people check)
	elliot: what are you goals for stuff moving forward?
	akit: grantwriting, big ideas
	(closes door because fools bein' loud outside)
	akit: the only thing for NSF is that it won't apply until next 			year
	(yury and akit argue)
	akit: flyers by next week
	elliot: details?
	frank: FLYERS BY NEXT WEEK.
	elliot: details?
	frank: it'll be up.
	maymei: monday night before in-n-out run?
	akit: sounds good
	maymei: i can steal MUSA's staple gun, nighttime's good because 		we
can't disturb people
	yury: i have keycard access to Evans
	elliot: we'll try to get acces to as many buildings as possible, 	then
flyer. otherwise, nothing else is moving forward
	jameson: supernova is moving forward, aoaks and i are working on 	it
	elliot: goal for next week, supernova back up?
	jameson: it's up
	yury: everything works, just don't reboot
	jameson: we might be physically replacing supernova
	aoaks: it's running right now, kinda
	thomson: this is the perfect opportunity to install samba 3
	sluo: but it has no support for nis+
	thomson: oh darn
	akit: vista?
	thomson: it doesn't add to domain
	sluo: smtp: i set it up over ssl so the only thing holding us 			back
is that someone has to write that damn letter to send to 			users
	yury: impressive
	aoaks: sluo has some nice letter templates
	elliot: we'll talk about it later. as long as we know where 			everyone
is, that's great. if you need help, come to me.
	yury: homes need to be moved to famine, maintenance day would be 	a
great day to do this
	elliot: are you sure?
	yury: it takes 3 hours and a couple of SM's
	sluo: we could get quotas fixed for mail
	yury: i could do it tonight, it would put 50 people over hard 			quota
immediately
	sluo: so raise hard quota for them
	elliot: we'll continue later
	yury: no
	elliot: is it necessary?
	yury: if we take the ocf down, send an ocf-announce
	sluo: i say we should defer, it's not a good idea to move homes 		to a
machine we have to kick every couple of days
	(sluo and yury talk about moving homes)
	aoaks: thomson donated his wii to the OCF
	thomson: i didn't donate it, it's on semi-permanent residence, 			make
sure to clean up after yourself and have fun.
	akit: where are the george foreman grills?
	everyone: dunno
	yury: that's what you get if you leave them out in the open
	akit: one more comment we have $405 on phone left. so call long 		distance!
	frank: we don't have to use all of it
	akit: i know
	akit: anything else?

	(silence)

	aoaks: food?
	akit: food after maintenance day
	
- -Supernova woes
	sluo: let's talk about rm -rf /
	akit: does everyone know about it? yury, explain for us
	yury: when dwc screws up he doesn't get lip about it
	sahnn: so tell us
	yury: so apparently rm is supposed to be smart enough such that 		when
you try to recursively remove the root directory, it warns 		you. so i
decided to test it out. sluo made me.
	sluo: no i didn't, i said it might work, but not to try it
	yury: well it works now
	sluo: it's fine, just don't reboot and var is missing (gag)
	yury: well it works
	aoaks: it has no kernel
	yury: well it works!
	jameson: would yo ulike me to produce a list of things missing 			for /var?
	cld: it's ok, yury messes up a lot
	sluo: and that's the problem

	(frank motions to adjourn)
	(cld seconds)

	sluo: no we need to talk about this, yury has demonstrated a 			serious
lack of judgment.

	(meeting not adjourned)

	yury: i'll drop root, and you do all the work
	sluo: he's not getting any better at claiming responsibility
	yury: i was on five hours of sleep, and had impaired judgement
	jameson: i've seen aoaks w/o 24 hours of sleep, and he hasn't 		
	anything stupid
	yury: but he hasn't done any root-level work
	(silence)
	sluo: i believe yury should not be on root
	yury: ok fine
	sluo: ok
	yury: ok
	sluo: any objections? i can't do it anyway, i'm just a member of 	BoD,
and this is an SM decision
	yury: i'll take myself off
	cld: yury does a lot of work
	sluo: he does a lot of work, but he makes us less productive
	cld: but he took responsibility and i don't think it's fair, it 		just
strikes me	as the wrong thing to do
	yury: i fixed this within an hour
	sluo: it's not fixed though
	elliot: sooooo i was looking up on wiki the legal definition of
	negligence so if you look it up, an isolated incident just means 	you
just pay damages instead of dropping ones' license. this is 		a matter
of whether there is a historical pattern of character 			negligence if
we are to consider any real punishment
	jameson: we are fixing it as best we can
	yury: that aside, do yo uwant to press te point?
	sluo: yes
	yury: what else have i done?
	sluo: let's see....as far as i remember, yury started out like 			the
rest of us with approve privileges, etc. can't do much 			damage,
because that's how it works.
	we do have lots of stories of yury's hozing and irc behavior
	yury: which has nothing to do with the ocf
	sluo: sure it does, it speaks of character. if we go through the 	past
few years of archived staffmail, there are two names that 			stick out
in terms of flaming. the first, novakyu, is no longer 		on staff. he
voluntarily took himself off. the other, is yury. 			again, i don't
claim that this is yury screwing up, but it is
	yury demonstrating his character.
	yury: i think you're a prick. we're judging actions, not 			character
	sluo: actions like hacking another staffer's
	yury: that's between me and jhscott
	sluo: look i'm trying to build a picture of yury as an 			
	irresponsible person who doesn't see the consequences of his own	
actions and thus should not be on root. moving to more recent 			things
sending out a certain sarcastic email to a certain 			company who
offered jobs + dinner. demonstrates poor judgement.
	yury: has nothing to do with root, anyone could of done this
	sluo: but they didn't. yury has joked about hacking us. the 		
	temptation goes down when you have root, since you could just do
	everything anyway.
	yury: essentially every single time i found an exploit, i 			emailed
staff about it, this included (enumerates exploits that 		secretary will
not repeat)
	sluo: i'm talking about careless statements of threat
	jameson: how about i sorry your account?
	sluo: how about i turn off your machine, just because
	yury: you've done it as well
	sluo: i don't do it unless you start
	(loud argument)
	yury: don't say you haven't abused root to kill an X session 			while I
was working
	sluo: i haven't
	yury: that's a lie
	sluo: if you claim that you have the memory to recall that, i'm 	
	sorry. but i don't kill people's X sessions randomly. i don't 			claim
to be high and mighty, i claim to have better judgement 			about this.
	sahnn: so is there any action? anyone?
	(silence)
	sahnn: so you think action should be taken
	sluo: yes
	yury: the reason why i'm up so late is because i'm doing root 			stuff.
if you want to take it away, that's fine
	frank: would it be productive if yury stepped out and we talked 		about it?
	akit: good idea
	(yury leaves the room)
	jameson: i want a bar of crunch
	
	<<(dialogue off the record)>>

	(yury comes back into the room)
	
	yury: well
	akit: we've deicided that you should propose your own punishment
	yury: i'm already working to fix it, and i did that immediately, 	so if
you want to decide more, decide it yourself
	elliot: we just want a symbolic gesture of cooperation
	yury: i fail to see what more you want
	elliot: it's hard to explain. the impression i get is 				that...people
	sahnn: we just want some way that you'll show us that you'll 		
exercise better judgement
	yury: i have nothing to say right now, but i'll get back to you 		by
maintenance day.
	jameson: if you're willing to think about it, that's a step 			forward

	(jameson motions to adjourn)
	(cld seconds)

	griffin: wait, this is a pretty serious issue

	(meeting is not adjourned, again)

	devin: you need to think about some things, and then talk back 			to
the group next week after everyone has thought about it
	akit: tabled until next bod

	(jameson motions to adjourn, for a third time)
	(meithan seconds)

<<<Meeting adjourned 8:21PM>>>

*No Motions for this week*
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v1.4.3 (GNU/Linux)
Comment: Using GnuPG with Mozilla - http://enigmail.mozdev.org

iD8DBQFF1Tg5N8q1iFlKmkARAqQkAJ9ZxvmRB7qmIhD3ak9j9XiD79dm8ACePCZc
AjJniPrAJaTaKCBN2oGjUzQ=
=+7e4
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
