OCF General Meeting Minutes 2/1/07
Taking minutes: Sue Ahnn (sahnn), Steven Luo (sluo)

Attendance:
akit (Angel Kittiyachavalit)
thomson (Thomson Nguyen)
aoaks (Aaron Oaks)
gordeon (Gordon Mei)
sahnn (Sue Ahnn)
griffin (Griffin Foster)
cardi (Calvin Ardi)
wln (Willis Lin)
jchu (Jonathan Chu, aka milki)
yury (Yury Sobolev)
aclee (Alexander Lee)
Wenda [no OCF login]
dvolmar (Dan Volmar)
sluo (Steven Luo)
dima (Dima Shirchenko)
maymei (May Mei)
elliot (Elliot Block)
frank (Frank Cohen)
cld (Catey Davidson)
geo (George Wu)
jameson (Jameson Lee)
abhi (Abhi Yerra)
tony (Tony Hu)
jkit (Jimmy Kittiyachavalit)

Outgoing General Managers: thomson, akit
Outgoing Site Managers: sle, yury

- meeting called to order 7:12 PM
- Introductions: name, login, year and major
        - I would write them down but they started without me!
- GM Description
        - thomson: "basically anything about OCF that doesn't have to do
          with technical issues"
- SM Description: sluo's encyclopedic knowledge: "responsible for our 
computers and our networks; create new accts, anywhere between routine 
maintenance to 'OH CRAP EVERYTHING IS BROKEN AND I HAVE TO FIX IT'"
- PIMP: (printer manage) jameson: "you get yelled at when there's no 
ink, paper, etc etc
- they said something about Ganglia that I didn't catch
- Secretary: cld: "I attempt to write down what's going on and dima 
fixes it"  Takes minutes and uploads to website for all to see

- Approve faculty sponsor
        - previously Brian Harvey (apparently since 1989)
        - "a pretty cool guy"
        - Harvey reapproved

- Nominations for General Manager
        akit
        gordeon
        frank (declines)
        thomson (declines)
        elliot (declines nicely but offers to do "lesser things")
        tony
        sahnn
        jkit (declines)
- Nominations for Site Manager
        aoaks
        dima (declines)
        cardi
        sluo (declines)
        yury (declines)
        elliot (wants to help with new site)

- GM election
Quote from sluo: "everyone should know sue's [uid] because it's a power 
of 2"
        - Nominee speeches
                tony: "I want a co-chair"
                gordeon: "I'll try to get more food for meetings"
                sahnn: "eh"
                akit: (has just arrived with geo with food)
                "I would love to do it again"

        - People can speak about nominees (they leave the room)
        - voted for 2 people
        - votes counted by thomson

- SM election
        - Nominee speeches
                aoaks: "vote for me if you want:
                cardi: "less experience but want to arrange projects"
                elliot: "very excited about new site, project team 
                        meetings, and organizing things"
        - discussion of nominees
        - voted for 2 people

- GM results
        akit:    20
        gordeon: 10
        tony:     5
        sahnn:   11

- And then there was consumption of pizza.

- aoaks, elliot elected SMs
- akit, sahnn are new co-GMs

- Windows Vista
        - we now have 5 site licences
        - requires 128mb video RAM [for 3D "Aero" interface], which none of
          our computers have
- Maintenance Day
        - new GMs will schedule
- Projector
        - salvaged from Boalt's trash by thomson
        - 800x600 resolution
        - posible uses: wii parties, oh yeah and the decal
- ridiculous number of ridiculous items bought with stacked coupons from
  Office Depot [shredder, MP3 player, ...]
- T-shirt update
        - they have older Illustrator version
        - need to resend files in different formats (griffin will do)
- Budget - between $9,000 and $13,000 remaining
- Big Ideas - submit an application for something?
- Flyering

- expansion update (jameson, yury)
        - Fullmer says ASUC has approved the project, fiber still needs to be spliced
        - move in over spring break
        - relocating ASUC records from the space right now
        - frank suggests "preemptively stealing" the couches if we want them
          to make sure others don't steal them first

- sysadmin decal plug (sluo, dima, aoaks, jameson, cardi)
- sle's "special" message (read by akit)
        - suggests project groups for moving back to disk array
        - wants to upgrade famine to s10u3
        - yury says the disk array move has mostly happened already
- NFS: pandemic having lots of issues, move off of it ASAP
        - yury wants to collect downtime together when possible
- suggestions for off-site manager *ahem* *ahem* *ahem*

- thomson: "We didn't do a lot of stuff, but we did do a lot of stuff"
- yury: "I fixed broken shit", "I did not break shit" (*ahem* *ahem* *ahem*)

- appointments:
        - thomson -- secretary
        - jchu -- printing

- BoD: thomson gives usual spiel about what it means to be on BoD
        - everyone present elected to BoD except jkit, who declines

- quotas: (yury) we need to increase mail quotas, because otherwise too many
  users will be instantly over quota
        - massive confusion -- 15-2 vote to do something which confuses
          everyone but is interpreted as a motion to force a vote; ignored due
          to confusion
        - sluo/dima: will cause increased IMAP load and more storage use
        - jameson motion to table, seconded by dima
        - sluo and yury expand on arguments
        - move data back to disk array this weekend? inconclusive, though yury
          says it's possible
        - motion to defer motion fails 8-7
        - compromise: 10 MB soft quota, 25-35 MB hard quota, 30 day grace
          period; approved 16-0

- meeting closed 8:43 PM
