                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Delivered-To: elliot42@gmail.com
Received: by 10.114.235.1 with SMTP id i1cs1445734wah;
        Thu, 8 Mar 2007 21:42:19 -0800 (PST)
Received: by 10.35.57.2 with SMTP id j2mr2684976pyk.1173418939290;
        Thu, 08 Mar 2007 21:42:19 -0800 (PST)
Return-Path: <sm@ocf.berkeley.edu>
Received: from war.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (sinkhole.OCF.Berkeley.EDU [192.58.221.250])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id w43si3407635pyg.2007.03.08.21.42.17;
        Thu, 08 Mar 2007 21:42:19 -0800 (PST)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of sm@ocf.berkeley.edu designates 192.58.221.250 as permitted sender)
Received: from [136.152.138.186] (asuc-wlan-net-47.AirBears.Berkeley.EDU [136.152.138.186])
	by war.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (8.13.7/8.9.3) with ESMTP id l295fkrl013861;
	Thu, 8 Mar 2007 21:41:46 -0800 (PST)
	(envelope-from thomson@ocf.berkeley.edu)
Message-ID: <45F0F39D.9030504@ocf.berkeley.edu>
Date: Thu, 08 Mar 2007 21:41:49 -0800
From: Thomson Nguyen <thomson@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>
Reply-To: thomson@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Organization: Open Computing Facility
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.9 (X11/20070103)
MIME-Version: 1.0
To: admin@OCF.Berkeley.EDU, warez@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Subject: OCF BoD 3/8/07 Minutes
X-Enigmail-Version: 0.94.2.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1

Attached are the minutes from tonight's BoD. As always, comments and
suggestions are appreciated.

- --Thomson
OCF Secretary...of doom

- ----------------------------------
Open Computing Facility
University of California, Berkeley
Board of Directors Meeting #5
March 8, 2007
- ----------------------------------

<<<<<<Secretary: Thomson Nguyen>>>>>>

*Note: All dates are of the form MM/DD/YYYY*

*Note: Dialogue may be slightly paraphrased--content has been retained*

*Note: All motions will have the numbering SP07-###, where ### is athree
digit positive integer. Example: The first motion (SP07-001) was last
week, and concerns mail quotas. Motion vote counts will always be of the
form # (in favor/# oppose/# abstaining). Motions to adjourn are not
included.*

*Note: Proposed Agenda refers to the agenda written on the blackboard
shortly before BoD begins. Agenda refers the actual agenda covered
during BoD.

Attending:
- ------------------------------
akit (Angel Kittiyachavalit, General Manager)
sahnn (Sue Ahnn, General Manager)
elliot (Elliot Block, Site Manager, absence counter resets)
aoaks (Aaron Oaks, Site Manager)
thomson (Thomson Nguyen, Secretary)
jchu (Jonathan Chu, PIMP)
wln (Willis Lin)
gordeon (Gordon Mei, absence counter resets)
griffin (Griffin Foster)
wendaz (Wenda Zhou, absence counter resets)
cld (Catey Davidson, absence counter rests)
cardi (Calvin Ardi)
sluo (Steven Luo)
frank (Frank Cohen, absence counter resets)
yury (Yury Sobolev)
dvolmar (Dan Volmar)
maymei (May Mei)
geo (George Wu)
wjm (Billy, not on BoD)
Jessica Wren (ASUC Elections Chair, on behalf of ASUC Elections Council)
jinicki (Nicole Kim)
evawong (Evangeline Wong)
meithan (Mei Than)
mkendall (Mike Kendall, not on BoD)

<* denotes non-BoD member attending>

Not Attending:
dima (Dima Shirchenko, first absence)
abhi (Abhi Yerra, second absence)
**jameson (Jameson Lee, dropped from BoD) =(

Quorum for today: 15
BoD members attending: 20
Non-members attending: 3

**Quorum has been met!**

Proposed Agenda:

- ---GM---
- - Budget: $7088.13
- - ASUC
- - Order more t-shirts?
- - Boalt Treasure update
- - Newegg
- - Big Ideas
- - Spring Budgeting
- - ``New B&W''
- - Paper Usage
- - BMUN
- - Bowling
- - wjm & mkendall & jnicki on BoD?

- ---SM---
- - Famine Reinstalled
- - Famine Hardware Issues
- - Project Groups
	- Webdev (cardi)
	- Gaming (geo)
	- Security (dima)
	- LDAP Kerberos
	- OCF Dev (akit)
	- PIMP (milki)

<<<<Meeing call to order 7:14  PM>>>>

Agenda:

- ---GM---
- - ASUC Elections
	akit: jessica, do you want to talk first?
	jessica: i'm the elections council chair, i'm here to offer you
guys the chance to work with us at ASUC elections. basically,
in the morning we go and set up all the polling locations,
and again at 4pm; cleanup is at 10pm. It's an hour and half
of work a day, along with gaps of time inbetween. Questions?
	akit: tatoo behind your ear?
	jessica: pieces
	elliot: laptops?
	jessica: same setup, except we're doing half the laptops as we are
promoting online voting that will cut down on work and budgets.
	frank: during elections in the past few years, instead of spending your
free time at the OCF, you spend it in senate chambers
	maymei: do we have senate chambers 24/7?
	jessica: yes.
	sahnn: do you need a license to drive golf carts?
	jessica: nope!
	frank: it's really fun, we get money, there will be no debate about this

(sluo walks in)

	everyone: SURPRISE!

(today is sluo's 19th birthday)

	yury: happy international women's day!

	jessica: payment?
	akit: talk to geo and frank
	jessica: alright, thank you everyone!

(jessica leaves)

	yury: motion to have a party?

(no one seconds)

	akit: do you guys wnat to eat before or after?
	sluo: after, please

- - Budget
	akit: same! should we order more tshirts

- - T-shirts
	akit: should we order anymore? if we order within 30 days of our
first order, they waive setup fees
	yury: how many do we want to get?
	akit: minimum?
	griffin: 12 minimum
	yury: are we out of any size?
	akit: we have no XL's, we have 17 shirts left
	yury: that seems fine to me
	frank: i think we should buy more for future staff
	yury: how much a dozen cost?
	griffin: prolly $15/shirt if it's just a dozen
	maymei: we should just wait for next semester

- - Boalt
	aoaks/thomson: me, aoaks, wendaz, and maxim went to boalt and took 12
dell pc's, 19 sticks of ram, 30 white keyboards, and other things.
	thomson: my boss thanks everyone for the tshirts, they're great

- - newegg
	akit: yury and i talked to abi, a livechat rep on neweggg, and
she was unhelpful, thomson should call newegg due to the GC binding to
his account
	
- - Big Ideas
	akit: Frank and I are almost done with the grant proposal, it's
on the staffwiki if anyone wants to read it.
	frank: there's a printed copy circulating

- - Spring Budgeting
	akit: thomson and i are going to work on it saturday at 11.
there might be bagels.
	
- - New B&W
	sahnn: yury and evawong set up the new b&w printer
	yury: since that printer also duplexes, we could use it in
parallel with logjam. when someone prints something out, it'll pick a
printer, and tell them
	maymei: you'd think they'd know, but they don't
	yury: so WMF does this sort of thing, and it works with them, we
could also divide it up by aisle (dells, gateways, etc)
	yury: the printer is fully functional, save for one change?
	akit: maintenance kit?
	yury: nope it's fine. i think it's also compatible with our 8150
	sluo: it is, but the 8150 is faster
	akit: why don't we just use the 8150?
	sluo: it's seen a lot of abuse and printed a lot of pages, so we
took it out
	yury: we should also find a better location for that printer, as
it is in the corner
	sluo: we should defer that to until we get our new site
	yury: the name is deforestation (single sided) and assart
(double sided)

- - Paper usage
	sahnn: i was curious to see how much more paper we're using this
semester
	average since 2002: 141,812 pages/semester (28 boxes of paper)
	outlier: fall 2005, 280k pages
	this semester so far: 98.9k pages
	we're going through paper pretty fast
	yury: we're going to have a bad semester in terms of paper usage
	akit: can we also find out how many more users print out?
	yury: it's been increasing, we had users max out their quotas by
2nd day
	elliot: if you guys want to talk about this, we should set up
another time
	sahnn: we only have five boxes of paper left, so we should look
into buying more

- - BMUN
	akit: i called mellisa about BMUN, she wants us to work with
them for 3 days,
	yury: any working is done from a person to person basis
	akit: so it's fri/sat/sun of next weekend, and she will give us
1 toner, and any extra paper.
	akit: it's 750/day at rescomp, so if they were to do that there,
it's $1650, plus $50/hr a person...there's also a print limit in which
they charge you more if you go over. one toner costs ~$200, i will write
something for everyone to check
	
- - Bowling
	akit: bowling this sunday, come all, we need cars. frank?
meithan? elliot?
	meithan: can't go, sorry
	elliot: i guess i'm going (surprised look)
	frank: yeah, i'll have to go

- - Eviction
	akit: tabled until after everything else


- ---SM---

- - Famine reinstalled
	aoaks: web/databases/spam filtering were offline all weekend while we
reinstalled famine and its zones
	maymei: i just got into uci's phd program
	(clap clap)
	aoaks: thanks for paying attention to me!
	aoaks: maybe you haven't noticed that asteroid is down
	yury: i noticed
	aoaks: you can fix it
	yury: i'm lazy

- - Famine hardware issues
	aoaks: we thought it was memory or CPU, but it's actually the
mainboard.
	akit: a new mainboard is being delivered at 10am tomorrow
	aoaks: famine will be going down again tomorrow for at least two
hours. unfortunately, printing will be down
	yury: we can move printing to supernova
	aoaks: ...
	
- - Project Groups
	-webdev (cardi)
		cardi: last week we didn't get anything done, but we
will. we're going to reinstall mysql and start the replication with the
staff databases first before using user databases
		aoaks: back up first!
		cardi: it's replication
		yury: still
		cardi: i'll be sure to task aoaks to back them up
	-gaming (geo)
		geo: i had a wow server on an amd rackmount with a
faulty hd, so it doesn't work.
		yury: we should look into getting more hd's
		
	-security (dima)
		dima: (not here)
		everyone: ???
	-LDAP/Kerberos (sluo)
		sluo: no progress
	-OCFdev (akit)
		akit: see above
	-PIMP (milki)
		milki: we got more paper, but we're running out fast

	aoaks: wow that was fast, did i forget anything?
	sluo: i hate everyone equally team?
	frank: no progress

- - Extra
	elliot: basically, there's a lot of things breaking, and people
are questioning our stability of our servers.
	yury: we actually do have something in that aspect. you're
supposed to log everything you do as root, and
	elliot: our root staffers can kinda do what they want, and
there's no intercommunication, and we may have to rein that in, so open
invitation of dialogue for root staffers doing anything potentially
dangerous. i can't watch everyone, so it's going to have to involve
people being more careful, or testing your changes somewhere else.
	yury: there's a problem--we're students and we will run into
trouble when we try to balance work and OCF work
	elliot: if we can't maintain an acceptable level of service,
then we're overstepping our boundaries as an organization
	yury: we're dealing with obsolete hardware as well
	elliot: i just wanted to throw it out there
	yury: if you want stability, and you want something that works
all the time, put solaris 8 on pandemic
	sluo: it won't work
	yury: put it on our v40z
	sluo: it's not officialy supported, and difficulty is that
solaris 8 is losing full time support in two years.
	
- - wjm/mkendall/jnicki inducted to BoD unanimously

*yury motions to adjourn*
*thomson seconds*

<<<<Meeting adjourned at 8:01PM>>>>

No motions were proposed or passed at this meeting.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v1.4.3 (GNU/Linux)
Comment: Using GnuPG with Mozilla - http://enigmail.mozdev.org

iD8DBQFF8PK9N8q1iFlKmkARAvdmAKCp8601HJii7VeHc+oU6HXrw1p1UgCfV6YA
AfCMzx71sFYUy1zDI1kNdp4=
=jO3Q
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
