                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Delivered-To: elliot42@gmail.com
Received: by 10.114.235.1 with SMTP id i1cs703739wah;
        Thu, 15 Mar 2007 20:37:33 -0700 (PDT)
Received: by 10.35.43.10 with SMTP id v10mr3057694pyj.1174016253671;
        Thu, 15 Mar 2007 20:37:33 -0700 (PDT)
Return-Path: <gm@ocf.berkeley.edu>
Received: from war.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (sinkhole.OCF.Berkeley.EDU [192.58.221.250])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id j7si2103219nzd.2007.03.15.20.37.29;
        Thu, 15 Mar 2007 20:37:33 -0700 (PDT)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of gm@ocf.berkeley.edu designates 192.58.221.250 as permitted sender)
Received: from apocalypse.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (IDENT:1@apocalypse.OCF.Berkeley.EDU [192.58.221.245])
	by war.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (8.13.7/8.9.3) with ESMTP id l2G3a5Tc009690
	for <bod@ocf.berkeley.edu>; Thu, 15 Mar 2007 20:36:07 -0700 (PDT)
	(envelope-from thomson@apocalypse.OCF.Berkeley.EDU)
Received: (from thomson@localhost)
	by apocalypse.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (8.11.7p3+Sun/8.11.7) id l2G3a3w07442
	for bod@ocf.berkeley.edu; Thu, 15 Mar 2007 20:36:03 -0700 (PDT)
Date: Thu, 15 Mar 2007 20:36:03 -0700
From: Thomson Van Nguyen <thomson@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>
To: bod@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Subject: BoD 3/15
Message-ID: <20070316033603.GA7436@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Disposition: inline
User-Agent: Mutt/1.4.2i

----------------------------------
Open Computing Facility
University of California, Berkeley
Board of Directors Meeting #6
March 15, 2007
----------------------------------

<<<<<<Secretary: Thomson Nguyen>>>>>>

*Note: All dates are of the form MM/DD/YYYY*

*Note: Dialogue may be slightly paraphrased--content has been retained*

*Note: All motions will have the numbering SP07-###, where ### is athree
digit positive integer. Example: The first motion (SP07-001) was last
week, and concerns mail quotas. Motion vote counts will always be of the
form # (in favor/# oppose/# abstaining). Motions to adjourn are not
included.*

*Note: Proposed Agenda refers to the agenda written on the blackboard
shortly before BoD begins. Agenda refers the actual agenda covered
during BoD.

Attending:
------------------------------
akit (Angel Kittiyachavalit, General Manager)
elliot (Elliot Block, Site Manager, absence counter resets)
aoaks (Aaron Oaks, Site Manager)
thomson (Thomson Nguyen, Secretary)
jchu (Jonathan Chu, PIMP)
wln (Willis Lin)
dmchan (David Chan)
gordeon (Gordon Mei, absence counter resets)
wendaz (Wenda Zhou, absence counter resets)
cld (Catey Davidson, absence counter rests)
sluo (Steven Luo)
frank (Frank Cohen, absence counter resets)
yury (Yury Sobolev)
geo (George Wu)
Jessica Wren (ASUC Elections Chair, on behalf of ASUC Elections Council)
evawong (Evangeline Wong)
mkendall (Mike Kendall)
karey (Karey, not on BoD)
joshk (Joshua Kwan, not on BoD)

<* denotes non-BoD member attending>

Not Attending:
dima (Dima Shirchenko, second absence, dropped from BoD) 
sahnn (Sue Ahnn, General Manager, first absence)
griffin (Griffin Foster, first abence)
cardi (Calvin Ardi, first absence)
dvolmar (Dan Volmar, first absence)  
maymei (May Mei, first absence) 
meithan (Mei Than, first absence)
jinicki (Nicole Kim, first absence)
wjm (Billy, first absence)

Quorum for today: 15
BoD members attending: 20
Non-members attending: 3

**Quorum has been met!**

Proposed Agenda:

---GM---

- Budget: 7088.13
- Spring Budget 
- dimas
- BMUN
- Additional eviction meeting
- Bowling IRL Recap
- Ideas for next social

---SM---

- Disk array migration
- Quotas (mail/homes)

- project groups
	-webdev (cardi)
	-website (goreon)
	-gaming (geo)
	-security (dima)
	-ocfdev (akit)
	-ldap/krb (sluo)
 
- Voting joshk/karey into BoD

<<<<Meeing call to order 7:14  PM>>>>

Agenda:

---GM---

akit: sue is at rehearsal!

- Budget
	akit: same

- Spring Budget
	akit: thomson and i came up with a first draft for spring budgeting 
	thomson: you want to tell them what our initial proposal is?
	akit: our total request is 63,097.70. our programs involve computer
services, mail server replacement, card reader, comp upgrades, software
licenses
	frank: mutter mutter taxfree
	akit: what?
	frank: nothing

- dimas
	akit: aoaks wanted me to bring this up. does everyone know what
happened?
	aoaks: i hope so, the email thread is freaking long
	akit: he just said we were arrogant bastards and we were down all the
time. i think the arrogant bastard part is something we can change, but
we should try to--

	yury: we should introduce ourselves first for karey

	akit: now?

	yury: (defiantly) yes.

(introductions commence)

	akit: anyway, i know you guys know a lot, and it's hard when someone
clueless comes up...
	yury: i answer questions legitimately, but when it's something that's
been on the whiteboard...
	akit: just be nicer!

- BMUN

	akit: we're not hosting bmun anymore. frank?
	frank: bmun has used the ocf for the last 2 years, and this year based
on information from some sources of a reliable nature, we decided to 
ask for more money. we did, and the bmun president was rude and yelled
at akit, and so i talked to them, and he was rude to us, and called us
unprofessional--i said they were unprofessional because we had less than 
two weeks notice and they wanted the staff to work for next to nothing
like previous years.  the president said take it or leave it, and we 
left it.

- Additional eviction mtg 

	akit: frank is thinking that we should have a decision about this by
spring break, so i wanted to find out a good time for us to meet. 
	frank: it's actually kennish's idea
	yury: do you want fullmer there?
	akit: no. so, kennish wanted to come as well, and the only time good for
him is the weekend...either it's this saturday, or we should do this
during a weekday.
	frank: if we're not moving in during spring break, let's make it a
social and invite people a week after spring break 
	akit: 4/7 bbq? marina ok?
	frank: zomg winds
	akit: ok, 4/7 it is

- Bowling IRL recap

	akit: for those who came to bowling, was it fun?
	thomson: dvolmar can bowl, holy crap
	akit: it was fun otherwise!

- Ideas for next social?

	akit: i might not be able to get an ice rink, but i think since we
decided on a bbq, we can just say that's our new social event

---SM---

- Disk aray migration

	aoaks: at least a week and a half notice before our next downtime, we'll
send out an email by the end of the week for downtime for that saturday
through (ocf-announce) 
	yury: we need to move /opt/ocf/ as well

(evawong walks in)

- Quotas

	aoaks: when do we want to start quotas?
	yury: did someone back up the quotas file for home?
	aoaks: same time? a week later?
	yury: same time
	sluo: yeah, same time
	aoaks: ok then

- Project groups
	- webdev (cardi)
		abhi: cardi said he compiled apache and mysql, only
apache is working, we're going to work on django and RT
		elliot: is stuff going smoothly?
		abhi: stuff is going well, i haven't looked at it in a
week, but it's fine
	- website (gordeon)
		goreon: we're ready to put the uploader/editor
		yury: is it secure?
		gordeon: you guys can it out
		elliot: how are you going to evaluate security, internal
testing period?
		jchu: yes
	- gaming (geo)
		geo: i acquired a hd, just now! so we're in business?
	- secuirty (dima)
		(not here)
	- ocf dev (akit)
		akit: we talked about it already with bmun. also, we
need a more permanent solution than flyers
		frank: akit has a design for a vinyl banner, it's muy
bueno
	- LDAP/Kerberos
		elliot: I have pretty digrams for your perusal. 
		(see website for them)
		

	- PIMP	
		jchu: we used 22 reams this week, 11k pages. 
		aoaks: that's a lot
		akit: that's one week?
		jchu: yes it is
		akit: did you change the toner?
		jchu: i'll do it tonight
		elliot: what's the status on toner/paper projections?
		jchu: we haven't ordered anything yet, we will soon
		akit: we'll order when there's two boxes left
		yury: office depot?
		akit: yes

elliot: anything else?
thomson: new printers?
yury: nothing, if someone wants to get the additional printers operational for users talk to me
elliot: yes, forthcoming

*joshk voted into BoD unanimously*
*karey voted into BoD unanimously*

*dima dropped from bod*

*yury motions to adjourn*
*jchu seconds*

<<<<Meeting adjourned at 7:49PM>>>>

No motions were proposed or passed at this meeting.

