                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Delivered-To: elliot42@gmail.com
Received: by 10.114.208.11 with SMTP id f11cs318521wag;
        Fri, 23 Feb 2007 16:36:54 -0800 (PST)
Received: by 10.35.107.20 with SMTP id j20mr5380010pym.1172277414135;
        Fri, 23 Feb 2007 16:36:54 -0800 (PST)
Return-Path: <gm@ocf.berkeley.edu>
Received: from war.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (sinkhole.OCF.Berkeley.EDU [192.58.221.250])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id 38si7012784nzk.2007.02.23.16.36.52;
        Fri, 23 Feb 2007 16:36:54 -0800 (PST)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of gm@ocf.berkeley.edu designates 192.58.221.250 as permitted sender)
Received: from [136.152.138.211] (asuc-wlan-net-72.AirBears.Berkeley.EDU [136.152.138.211])
	by war.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (8.13.7/8.9.3) with ESMTP id l1O0ZLrx011008;
	Fri, 23 Feb 2007 16:35:22 -0800 (PST)
	(envelope-from thomson@ocf.berkeley.edu)
Message-ID: <45DF8849.4000108@ocf.berkeley.edu>
Date: Fri, 23 Feb 2007 16:35:21 -0800
From: Thomson Nguyen <thomson@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>
Reply-To: thomson@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Organization: Open Computing Facility
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.9 (X11/20070103)
MIME-Version: 1.0
To: bod@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Subject: BoD minutes, 2/22/07
X-Enigmail-Version: 0.94.2.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1

Suggestions and corrections appreciated.

- --thomson

- ----------------------------------
Open Computing Facility
University of California, Berkeley
Board of Directors Meeting #3
February 22, 2007
- ----------------------------------

<<<<<<Secretary: Thomson Nguyen>>>>>>

*Note: All dates are of the form MM/DD/YYYY*

*Note: Dialogue may be slightly paraphrased--content has been retained*

*Note: All motions will have the numbering SP07-###, where ### is athree
digit positive integer. Example: The first motion (SP07-001) was last
week, and concerns mail quotas. Motion vote counts will always be of the
form # (in favor/# oppose/# abstaining). Motions to adjourn are not
included.*

*Note: Proposed Agenda refers to the agenda written on the blackboard
shortly before BoD begins. Agenda refers the actual agenda covered
during BoD.

Attending:
- ------------------------------
akit (Angel Kittiyachavalit, General Manager)
sahnn (Sue Ahnn, General Manager)
elliot (Elliot Block, Site Manager)
aoaks (Aaron Oaks, Site Manager)
thomson (Thomson Nguyen, Secretary)
jchu (Jonathan Chu, PIMP)
wln (Willis Lin)
gordeon (Gordon Mei)
griffin (Griffin Foster)
wendaz (Wenda Zhou)
abhi (Abhi Yerra)
cld (Catey Davidson)
cardi (Calvin Ardi)
sluo (Steven Luo)
frank (Frank Cohen)
yury (Yury Sobolev)
dvolmar (Dan Volmar)
maymei (May Mei)
jameson (Jameson Lee)
geo (George Wu) (First absence, counter reset)
wjm (Billy, not on BoD)
evawong (Evangline Wong, not on BoD)
dima (Dima Shirchenko) (First absence, counter reset)

Not Attending:
- ------------------------------
dvolmar (Dan Volmar, first absence)
meithan (Mei Than, first absence)


Quorum for today: 14
BoD members attending: 21
Non-members attending: 2

**Quorum has been met!**

<<Proposed Agenda>>

- ----GM----
- - Budget: $7224.01
- - Maintenance Day
- - AC
- - Tshirts
- - Spring Budget Process started!
- - OCF Instructional Video

- ----SM----
- - SMTP Letter
- - Color Printers
- - Epidemic Re-reg
- - Solaris 8 cd?
- - Unused rackmounts
- - Pandemic fun
- - NFS Master
- - Innovation / second vhost
- - fho
- - Project Groups:
	OCF Development (akit)
	LDAP/Kerberos (sluo)
	Security (dima)
	WebApp/MySQL replication (cardi)
	OCF Web (gordeon)
	Gaming (geo)
	I hate everyone equally (frank)


<<Meeting called to order at  7:14PM>>

<<Agenda>>
- ----GM----

akit, sahnn: hello
aoaks: hello
jchu: hello, dave
- - Budget
	akit: $7224.01, nothing has changed
	
- - Maintenance Day
	akit: LOW ATTENDANCE...it still got cleaned though!

- - AC
	akit: has been fixed thanks to griffin
	wln: griffin?
	akit: yeah!
	griffin: we only need the compressor if the water ouput goes
up...but we didn't need it, so i fixed it
	
- - Tshirts
	akit: they've come in, i didn't bring them today because it's
raining. stop by the OCF and pick them up!

- - Spring Budget Process
	akit: app is due 3/23, on 4/1 we get our initial proposal, and
there's an appeal process that starts the same day. we'll have a budget
project team.
	yury: i motion frank to do it
	maymei: second! (jokingly)
	griffin: last year's budget stuff is in the gm cabinet

- - OCF Instructional Video
	akit: thomson had an idea to make an instructional video
	thomson: it's not my idea, 2002 OCF staff made one and I wanted
to make one this year.

- - Tabling	
	sahnn: anyone want to table next wed?
	abhi: isn't it going to rain next week?
	sahnn: it would be around 11-2pm, at least that's when i'm free.
	akit: yury, do you want to be penguin again?
	yury: i have work

- ----SM----

- - yury
	yury: i thought about what you guys said last week, and i talked
to devin and  elliot( but not so much) i think it would be best if i
took if i took a small step back and took it easy on rootstaff work.
i'd be willing to help out anyone interested in wanting to do more.
i hope you understand i'm just mischievous, not malicious.
	dima: how is that punishment?
	yury: if you want something more, bring it up
	dima: you were supposed to
	yury: this was what i came up with	
	dima: if you want to abuse privledges, you'll do it again. we
need to remove root
	yury: i still have it just in case there's an emergency, and you
don't fix crap
	dima: let's not talk about me
	yury: maybe i misjudged BoD, but the consensus was that they
still want to do things for the OCF
	dima: i just don't want you to kick people off irc, etc.
	yury: i took a whole week to think about it, and i put effort
into it to be more careful, and if you want to do something, put it to a
motion
	dima: see, yury is happy right now, this is exactly what's been
happening for three years now
	sahnn: does anyone else have anything to say
	wln: moving on....
	dima: i think we should take root away for a certain amount of
tme
	yury: if you want to do it, talk to the sm's
	dima: well right
	griffin: didn't we motion to table this?
	akit: no we didn't
	dima: i think we should motion to do this
	elliot: i was under the impression that he was to come up with
something, and we decide on whether it was ok
	sahnn: yeah
	jchu: i agree!
	maymei: i think it's a good idea
	cardi: you have to use milki, not jchu
	sluo: i want to hear people out first
	dima: i think i we should fill in wjm
	sluo: summary: he ran rm -rf / on a production machine as root
	sahnn: and people decided that this was an ongoing problem, so
we should've rendered punishment
	dima: no one minds that you do work, they just mind when you
abuse root
	yury: it's BoD's decision, i said i'd take it easier. everyone
makes mistakes, and i'm goign to try to make as few as possible. if it's
an emergency, i can still come in and help. again, if you think it's not
enough, put it to a vote.
	akit: what do you guys think?
	jchu: i'm happy
	yury: we know you're happy
	jchu: i think it's fine
	cardi tries to get into the minutes again
	maymei: i agree with jchu
	griffin: how about a motion to not use root until approved by an
sm?
	yury: emergency?	
	griffin: well, irc or call them
	yury: you should read psb's policy documents that states if a
staff member abuses root the first time, nothing happens, but it's
really up to you guys
	dima: it's not enough
	yury: what do yo uwant?
	dima: take root
	yury: how long?
	dima: i don't know
	yury: pick a number?
	cardi: i think that what yury said is a test of judgment, it's
up to yury to decide what is an emergency, if he decides to abuse it
again, we'll worry about it then. at this point, he just said that he'll
ask himself whether he needs root to do things. this is also good for
people who graduate, since we need to train new people
	sahnn: if they graduate.
	yury: ok i motion to remove me off root, and all pwd's change
	dima: every semester this happens.
	
	(motion is not seconded)
	
	sluo: it's a judgment issue. you're given free reign to act w/o
sm approval because otherwise it becomes an issue of red tape. what's
unsaid is that the decision making process allows for sm's and higher
ups to rectify it. fine, you may have the right to act independently,
but only until someone higher says otherwise.
	yury: that didn't add anything. what i'm saying is, i can't look
for an sm to do things. aoaks might be in class, elliot isn't in the ocf
much
	jameson: how hard is it to pull logs?
	sluo: you can also circumvent them
	dima: and who's going to look through logs?
	sahnn: aoaks?
	aoaks: it won't add to productivity, yury just can't help.
	akit: so? anyone?
	(silence)
	cardi: i disagree with taking root away for a month. it's not
like we have root staffers with the ability to get work done. i'm not
saying they don't, it's just if you take one root staffer who's done a
lot of work away, a lot of productive work would go away too
	akit: hey--
	yury: ok, i'm sorry, i've learned from it
	elliot: if this isn't conclusive, we can call a special session
for this and move the process along
	akit: can we just see how he acts within a month
	dima: it's not going to help
	sahnn: i agree on cardi, we're short on root staff, aoaks says
we need help, and if we took it away, it won't do anything, and how will
we know when he's ready to have it back?
	wjm: if this is a repeated occassion, this sounds like a
persistent problem, we could take away root and put him on sudoers.
	yury: this is pretty much the--
	gordeon: why don't we vote anon on this, since it's
	maymei: i don't appreciate yury's character bashing
	dima: why are you doing this? how many bod's have you sat on?
	jameson: motion to table until next week
	akit: ok how about end of BoD?
	sahnn: hurry

- - SMTP Letter
	aoaks: we'll review it and send it, it's on the wiki
	geo: deadline?
	sluo: yeah, that's a good idea

- ---Motion (SP07-003)---
sluo: move to send out the smtp advisory letter monday, with a deadline
enforcing by no more than four weeks from now
yury: seconded
Motion passes: 	16/0/5
- ---Motion (SP07-003)---

- -Color Printers:
	elliot: emailed ken, picking up tomorrow, need people to help
	jameson: i can help
	elliot: dolly?
	geo: what time?
	elliot: by 3 or 5
	cardi: in-n-out?
	elliot: yes
	
- - epidemic.ocf
	aoaks: hd issues, stuff was lost (frank's vent server), if you
want an account, talk to me, if you have valuable stuff,

- - Solaris 8 cd
	sluo: resolved, we just burned another copy. don't throw cds out

- - Unused rackmounts
	aoaks: we have 4 of them, we're throwing them out there just in
case you want to do something

- - Pandemic
	aoaks: sluo?
	sluo: quick summary is that the latest set of solaris kernel
updates don't work on pandemic for some reason
	yury: i've read that it works on other t2000, but it could be
because they're running U3

- - NFS/Disk array
	aoaks: where do we mount all of our NFS disk shares? basically,
if we mount on famine, we can do it tonight after one rsync
	yury: this sould be talked about outside bod
	aoaks: yeah, just throwing it out there
	
- - Berkeley Innovation/SPIE
	aoaks: request for a second vhost for BI, and a vhost change for
SPIE. BI wants a second vhost that points to a specific directory.
	aoaks: they want a second one on top of this one.
	sluo: i spoke to them earlier today, this is a joint project
with the ASUC
	(talk about privleged information concerning Berkeley Innovaton)
	sluo: second request for vhost is a BoD decision
	frank: if this is a big deal, it won't hurt us
	thomson: it's not

- ---Motion (SP07-004)---
yury: move to grant Berkeley Innovation a second vhost
sluo: seconded
Motion passes: 15/1/5
- ---Motion (SP07-004)---

dima: why did you vote against?
elliot: i don't think we should give them a generic name until there's a
hard product
sluo: that's hostmaster's problem if the campus wants to do something
similar

aoaks: spie wants to change their vhost to photobears
yury: this is a pain for both us and hostmaster
sluo: it's not that much of a pain
sluo: this will be defaulted to SM unless anyone motions otherwise

(no one does)

- - fho
	yury: we have a staff member named frank ho (fho), generally
when people want to change their pass, they do it in lab, or with a
letter we got a letter from another frank ho in texas who wants to
change his pass for fho. i get the feeling he's bs'ing
	maymei: why?
	yury: he said he used it less than a year ago, which couldn't
have been possible.
	sluo: did we have policies about this and reregs?
	yury: i couldn't find one

	jameson: motion to have him send something from uc berkeley
	sluo: it's not fair to string him along
	cardi: do we still have paper copies?
	yury: if you want to look through them
	cardi: alright, i will look through them. if they could also send a copy
of their old student id
	yury: there may be policies, but as far as i could tell, i couldn't find
any
	akit: who's going to tell him?
	yury: i'll call/email him

- ---Motion (SP07-005)---
yury: move to deny the request to change password for fho
dima: seconded
Motion passes: 16/0/5
- ---Motion (SP07-005)---

- - Project Groups
	elliot: here's a general format for what project groups are
going to say: what you did between last week and this week,
what you're doing next, and if you need anything
	
	= OCF Development (akit)
		akit: flyered evans with abhi, dwinelle, wheeler, and
then we're working on a banner, we have a rough design. i started to
write to big ideas and sent it to frank, he hasn't said anything
		frank: we should get money for the banner
		yury: we should get an estimate for this
		akit: $150 max for a 2'x5'
		
- ---Motion (SP07-006)---
sluo: move to spend no more than $150 for an OCF banner
yury: seconded
Motion passes: 16/0/5
- ---Motion (SP07-006)---
	
		akit: meeting time is whenever frank and i are free
		elliot: clarify?
		akit: before BoD, 6:30 in the OCF
		frank: 6!
		akit: ok 6:15 in the OCF on Thurs
		elliot: do you need anything?
		akit: you can help by flyering and reading over
proposals and stuff
		elliot: by next week: flyers and big ideas

	= LDAP/Kerberos (sluo)
		sluo: we are meeting tuesdays at 7pm, i sent an
extremely long email to the SM's, there's a lot of loose ends to wrap
up. a good lot of what we're doing coincides with the windows imaging
team. there's a lot of things to do, we need a lot of people to write
code to write us some tools, you need to know a little about LDAP, you
can pick up as you go along.
		elliot: next step?
		sluo: we need to get people. there's a need for people
to write documentation. the core LDAP setup is well documented,
kerberos, not so much. if there's someone out there who likes to write,
no experience necessary!
		yury: how are we integrating windows?
		sluo: samba 3
		yury: there's no kerberos support, samba 4 is at TP 3
now!
		elliot: working on recruiting people and documentation?
		sluo: yes, and i have a list of other things
	
	= Security (dima)
		dima: we're writing documentation, it'll take some time.
if anyone is interested, it'll be fun
		yury: what has been done?
		dima: 10pm on fridays at bear lair's
		elliot: ok really?
		dima: documentation
		elliot: what are you documenting?
		dima: drinking beer? security policies, and what not
		elliot: can we see a draft of this by next week?
		dima: got it
		elliot: do you need any help?
		dima: no
		yury: do you want a list of things that needs to get
fixed?
		dima: sure
	
	= WebApp/MySQL replication
		cardi: we took one of the rackmounts (pox). installed
solaris 10 U3, got accounts made. next week we plan on compiling the
web server and mysql, i do have a blogspot at ocfcalvin.blogspot.com. it
just have status updates and more. there are some differences between
linux and solaris, coming from debian, solaris has some quite a few
differences regarding commands and so the website has some tips you
might be intersted in. mondays 7pm, OCF
		elliot: any help?
		cardi: if anyone wants to learn, show up
		yury: serial console!
		abhi: ok
		cardi: sounds good
	
	= OCF Web (gordeon)
		gordeon: we have a basic interface for web management
(uploading, editing, html editing, etc). milki created an uploader, and
it works.
		milki: it runs as whoever runs the script, it's in php.
i tried using SSH to get it to connect, but it wouldn't work
		yury: make sure when you distribute it, it's under https
		gordeon: we wanted to focus on this and make sure it
works. the only other thing i've done is documentation concerning making
websites.
		sluo: rebranding work?
		gordeon: nothing too major
		sluo: our uptime needs some work
		gordeon: i'm going to work on hosted by OCF banners
		sluo: staff online page, command toolbox pages, those
could use some work
		gordeon: those are harder, i tried using ssi for the
command toolbox, so i dunno
		elliot: next week?
		gordeon: i think i'm going to work on this
		elliot: need any help?
		gordeon: milki?
		jchu: i'll ask around if i need help
		gordeon: when you go to ocf.berkeley.edu, it has a
redirect page. it stays there for 10 seconds before it redirects
		sluo: it's run out of inet.d on apocalypse or conquest
		jameson: if you go to www.ocf.berkeley.edu/wiki, it
redirects to docs, could you fix that
	
	= Gaming (geo)
		geo: no progress
		thomson: negative progress, vent server's gone
		geo: i request one
		aoaks: you get blight
		elliot: next week?
		geo: vent
		elliot: help?
		geo: nah
	
	= I hate everyone equally project group (frank)
		frank: dima's gone, so mission accomplished
		elliot: next week?
		frank: i dunno
		elliot: i'll channel some arms

- - yury (revisited topic from earlier)	
	griffin: next time you screw up, that's just it, how about that?
if it's serious, then that's that if you abuse it.
	yury: what do you have against me griffin?
	griffin: i think you're an awesome guy, and i like you, i don't
have anything against you, i really hope you don't screw up or do
anything.
	yury: i really did put effort into it
	griffin: and you are being genuinely honest, and this is a
compromised solution, root can screw up once, but not again
	yury: two things: a) i'll accept that, b) we should probably set
some policy about this, but it's rarely respected, while most of it is
outdated
	akit: is something else bothering everyone about yury?
	jameson: character
	sluo: that's difficult to legislate
	elliot: people are working on our production servers too much.
our structure is set up such that we're all skirting on thin ice. we
should have testing servers
	yury: we can't set it up, some of our hardware is only on
production servers, and duplicating it is impossible
	elliot: when you're working on a production machine, you should
be in a production state of mind
	ssahnn: can we talk about this later?
	evawong: what would kicking someone out of the OCF mean?
	sluo: account gets disabled
	evawong: so he can't go into the OCF?
	sluo: it's public space
	sahnn: we can just say the next time he exercises bad judgement
as root, then that's it.

yury moves to adjourn
jameson seconds

<<<Meeting adjourned 8:40PM>>>

Four Motions were proposed and passed today.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: GnuPG v1.4.3 (GNU/Linux)
Comment: Using GnuPG with Mozilla - http://enigmail.mozdev.org

iD8DBQFF34hJN8q1iFlKmkARAl3XAJ4rccykwlhwotMSo0zn1qW0fDcZRgCgkYzF
T1e9zIFio7QQGxvWlO4g5x8=
=+17x
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
