                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Delivered-To: elliot42@gmail.com
Received: by 10.114.235.1 with SMTP id i1cs552889wah;
        Fri, 2 Mar 2007 13:55:34 -0800 (PST)
Received: by 10.70.16.6 with SMTP id 6mr5355153wxp.1172872533703;
        Fri, 02 Mar 2007 13:55:33 -0800 (PST)
Return-Path: <gm@ocf.berkeley.edu>
Received: from war.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (sinkhole.OCF.Berkeley.EDU [192.58.221.250])
        by mx.google.com with ESMTP id h36si4745972wxd.2007.03.02.13.55.31;
        Fri, 02 Mar 2007 13:55:33 -0800 (PST)
Received-SPF: pass (google.com: best guess record for domain of gm@ocf.berkeley.edu designates 192.58.221.250 as permitted sender)
Received: from flood.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (IDENT:1@flood.OCF.Berkeley.EDU [192.58.221.212])
	by war.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (8.13.7/8.9.3) with ESMTP id l22LsEPk022592
	for <bod@ocf.berkeley.edu>; Fri, 2 Mar 2007 13:54:16 -0800 (PST)
	(envelope-from thomson@flood.OCF.Berkeley.EDU)
Received: (from thomson@localhost)
	by flood.OCF.Berkeley.EDU (8.11.7p3+Sun/8.11.7) id l22LsCj04019
	for bod@ocf.berkeley.edu; Fri, 2 Mar 2007 13:54:12 -0800 (PST)
Date: Fri, 2 Mar 2007 13:54:12 -0800
From: Thomson Van Nguyen <thomson@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>
To: bod@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Subject: BoD 3/1/07
Message-ID: <20070302215412.GA4011@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Disposition: inline
User-Agent: Mutt/1.5.7i

----------------------------------
Open Computing Facility
University of California, Berkeley
Board of Directors Meeting #4
March 1, 2007
----------------------------------

<<<<<<Secretary: Thomson Nguyen>>>>>>

*Note: All dates are of the form MM/DD/YYYY*

*Note: Dialogue may be slightly paraphrased--content has been retained*

*Note: All motions will have the numbering SP07-###, where ### is athree
digit positive integer. Example: The first motion (SP07-001) was last
week, and concerns mail quotas. Motion vote counts will always be of the
form # (in favor/# oppose/# abstaining). Motions to adjourn are not
included.*

*Note: Proposed Agenda refers to the agenda written on the blackboard
shortly before BoD begins. Agenda refers the actual agenda covered
during BoD.

Attending:
------------------------------
akit (Angel Kittiyachavalit, General Manager)
sahnn (Sue Ahnn, General Manager)
xelliot (Elliot Block, Site Manager)
aoaks (Aaron Oaks, Site Manager)
thomson (Thomson Nguyen, Secretary)
jchu (Jonathan Chu, PIMP)
wln (Willis Lin)
xgordeon (Gordon Mei)
griffin (Griffin Foster)
xwendaz (Wenda Zhou)
abhi (Abhi Yerra)
xcld (Catey Davidson)
cardi (Calvin Ardi)
sluo (Steven Luo)
xfrank (Frank Cohen)
yury (Yury Sobolev) 
dvolmar (Dan Volmar) 
maymei (May Mei) 
xjameson (Jameson Lee) 
geo (George Wu)
wjm (Billy, not on BoD)
evawong (Evangline Wong, not on BoD)
dima (Dima Shirchenko) 
meithan (First absence, counter resets)
mkendall (Mike Kendall, not on BoD)
jkit (Jimmy Kittiyachavalit)

<x denotes BoD member not attending>

Quorum for today: 15
BoD members attending: 15
Non-members attending: 2

**Quorum has been met!**

<<Proposed Agenda>>
----GM----
- Budget
- Spring Break Project Team
- ASUC Elections
- Boalt/CSUA
- Kicked out of the OCF?
- Printers
- Aaron Oaks
- Bowling IRL

----SM----
- SMTP Letter
- Quotas
- Downtime this weekend
- Project Groups

<<<<Meeting called to order 7:14PM>>>>

<<Agenda>>

----GM----

- Budget $7088.13
	akit: we bought five boxes of paper, courtesy of geo 
	akit: he gets 1% back on his cc, though
	yury: you bastard

- Spring Budget Project Team
	akit: we need help, deadline's coming soon, March 23 is the 
deadline, there's many workshops you can go to. April 2 is the initial
budget release,  April 9 is the first appeal due date, so on. 	
	yury: if we're talking about getting money, the asuc elections
are coming, we should get familiar with the people running
	akit: check Asking for Money on the staffwiki for grant writing
proposals 
	akit: elliot wanted to get bulk licenses for office 2007 through
some application process for $20
	aoaks: it would be nice to get powerpoint
	maymei: adobe?
	akit: no word from tom

- ASUC Elections:
	geo: for this year, the elections will be on April 11-13
(wed-fri), it's different this year because Passover ends on the 10th.
Frank and I will be running the show, and the coordinator will be
Jessica Wren, and she's already said $4k (negociable)
	akit: are you going to negociate?
	geo: she'll be here next week 

- Boalt/CSUA
	sluo: we got in contact with the CSUA, one of the contacts work in
CChem. we don't have exact specs, it's a sun enterprise-class server, 8
ultrasparc 3's at 1ghz, 16 gb ram. 7-8u, it's a pretty powerful server.
it requires 24amps at 220V. if we get this, we need to talk to ASUC to
get power. CSUA is offering this, they don't have any sparc machines,
they've gotten it already for a price of 4 bags of m&m's and they don't
know what to do with it, so they are willing to trade it to us for some
x86 hardware, so 1) what are we going to do with this 2) where are we
putting this, and 3) where are we going to get the power?
	akit: are we taking it?
	sluo: it's up to you guys, but the logistical issues above
apply. 

- Printers
	yury: kennish is a really nice guy 
	sluo: geo me, elliot, jameson got a color printer, and 2 b&w,
the color needs to be cleaned out, the laser b&w is an 8100; it works,
but needs a maintenance kit. 
	
- Kicked out of the OCF?
	akit: so we didn't get kicked out after all, the heller lounge
guy just didn't know. whoops

(tangent involving fundraising + expansion happens here)

- Aaron Oaks 
	akit: ``I just want to commend Aaron Oaks for his excellent
service...'' Aaron Oaks helps a student group and gets commended for it.
Everyone should be like him!
	(everyone laughs)
	sluo: more seriously, i guess there's a problem in that we don't
have patience for the more novice users; we need people who can serve as
a buffer for them. the point is, we need people who are both technically
proficient and sociable. 
	
- Bowling IRL 
	akit: we should bowl in real life. the closest bowling alley is
albany bowl. i was thinking next sunday night because they have a $2 cal
special. 

aoaks: let's wait for food
sluo: no

---SM---
- SMTP letter
	aoaks: we didn't send it out, we got as close as putting it in
ocf-announce queue, but there were all sorts of problems. we'll send it
out tonight. 
	sluo: i think the date was midnight tonight, we're moving it
back a week. 
(pizza arrives!)

- Mail quotas
	aoaks: yury's been pushing me to apply them, when we enable
them, it's rude not to tell users that they're bouncing mail. 
	sluo: set the grace period to four weeks, make sure the quota
checking scripts work, and then run that on the day we enable quotas
	yury: quotacheck takes a day to run. 
	sluo: i think a week is acceptable, if the grace period is four
weeks

- Famine upgrade this weekend
	aoaks: after it is updated, we will attempt and pray it works,
then move it to the real disk array
	yury: we've been putting it off because we thought there was
something wrong with famine
	sluo: with dwc and yury's help, we found out that nfs on
pandemic is broken

- Downtime for the weekend 
	akit: i'll put up a sign
	aoaks: it's been on the motd for awhile, no email will be sent
	
- Project groups
	aoaks: let's eat first

(everyone eats)
(Project group discussion here)

(zomg earthquake ^_^)

sluo: quake.usgs.gov!
meithan: is it there?
maymei: not there

sluo motions to adjourn
yury seconds

<<<Meeting adjourned 8:46PM>>>

No Motions were proposed or passed today.
