Minutes for the OCF Board of Directors Meeting
February 23, 1998

The meeting was called to order at 6:21 PM

Board members attending:

Ahilan Anantha (ahilan) (SM), Paul Huang (pbhuang), Jennifer
Snider (jenni), Elaine Chao (chaos) (GM), Luns Tee (tee),
Daniel Stangel (stangel), Richard Dunn (dunnthat)

Others attending:

Lee Fink (leekfink), Alan Coopersmith (alanc), David
Walthall (land)


REPORTS

GM:   Will attend the SAS meeting tomorrow.  New room for
      BOD meetings were discussed, perhaps something closer
      to the center of campus

SM:   Most of the monitors were moved to 67a Barrows.  There
      should be enough lockdown kits for the rest of computers.
      217 Eshleman will open officially on Monday.

Treasurer:
      Nothing to report

HS:   Upcoming series on makefiles and GDB

EJC:  The E-week theme this year will be 'Engineering
      Renaissance'


ELECTIONS

dunnthat resigned from the DUMB.  land was elected
to the DUMB by unanimous vote.


OLD BUSINESS

Ads for opening - All interested staff members should contact
stangel.

Server co-location policy - dunnthat distributed copies of the
draft co-location policy and took suggestions for changes.  He
will bring a new draft next week.

'98-'99 Budget - The Treasurer will bring in a proposed budget
next week



NEW BUSINESS

Ethernet hub - jenni presented prices for possible
ethernet hubs:

        * Lantronix 10 port     $399
        * 3Com 12 port          $1750
        * Bay 16 port           $2100

   MOTION: dunnthat motioned that $500 be authorized
   to purchase the Lantronix 10 port Ethernet hub.
   The motion was seconded (tee), and passed
   unanimously


BOD ELECTIONS

land was elected to BOD by unanimous vote.



The meeting was closed at 7:45 PM

Minutes prepared by Richard Dunn (dunnthat)
