Minutes for the OCF General Meeting
March 2, 1998

The meeting was called to order at 6:17 PM

In attendance:

Luns Tee (tee), Jennifer Snider (jenni), Alan Coopersmith
(alanc), Adrian Thomas (athomas), George Gong (gong), Ahilan
Anantha (ahilan) (SM), Paul Huang (pbhuang), Rand Wacker
(randal), Saar Picker (saarp), Elaine Chao (chaos) (GM),
David Walthall (land), Jon Kuroda (jon), Richard Dunn (dunnthat)


REPORTS

GM:   saarp will be responsible for fixing the printer.  GM will
      have a chance to stop by S. Bay soon for equipment purchase.

SM:   War has been temporarily upgraded to 128MB RAM.

Treasurer:
      Budget drafted, see OLD BUSINESS.

HS:   (jon) HS going good.  Considering making HS a DE-CAL class,
      to assure a room each week.  Schedule for next year almost
      made

EJC:  Not present


ELECTIONS



OLD BUSINESS

Budget '98-'99 - The treasurer presented a draft budget:

1270    Advertising                     1000 +
1418    Equipment Repair                1000 +
1420    Supplies                         500 +
1422    Computer Supplies               1000 +
1440    Telephones                       600
1444    Postage                           50
1517    Programs and Events            10000 +
1518    Photocopying                     350 +
1600    Printing                         500
 
        + - increased from last year

The items that have been increased all directly relate
to the opening of 217 Eshleman

     MOTION: land motioned that the OCF should approve
     the proposed budget.  The motion was seconded, and
     passed 9-0-2


Server co-location policy - dunnthat passed out copies
of the second draft of the policy and took comments.
He will bring a final draft to the BOD meeting next
week.


Advertising - Dan Stangel (stangel) has produced a press
release for the grand opening of 217 Eshleman.  It contains
a description of the lab and directions for its use.
He has planned the grand opening ceremonies for the week
before Spring Recess.



NEW BUSINESS

Cal Day - It was asked whether the OCF would like to participate
in Cal Day.  It was also pointed out that it is too late to
be listed in the Cal Day flyer.


Adobe SPARCS  - The donation has been held up to the full
donation process


OCF Printer -

       MOTION: gong motioned that $150 be allocated for saarp
       so that the problem with the printer can be diagnosed
       and fixed.  The motion was seconded and passed
       6-1-3.


ASUC voting - randal spoke about the ASUC voting verification
procedure.  The ASUC needs the OCF to set up computers and
check the registration status of students and whether they
have voted.  We are scheduled for next Monday at noon,
and will need a secure server


BOD ELECTIONS

Adrian Thomas (athomas) and George Gong (gong) were elected
to BOD, by 12-0-0 and 11-0-1 respectively




The meeting was closed at 7:05 PM

Minutes prepared by Richard Dunn (dunnthat)
