Minutes for the OCF Board of Directors Meeting
March 16, 1998

The meeting was called to order at 6:30 PM.

Board members attending:

Ahilan Anantha (ahilan) (SM), Luns Tee (tee), Daniel
Stangel (stangel), Elaine Chao (chaos) (GM), Richard
Dunn (dunnthat).


Others attending:


ITEMS OF IMPORTANCE:

There was not a quorom of BOD members.


REPORTS

GM:   An inventory of old equipment will be faxed to Excess
      and salvage.

SM:   Both elevators in Eshleman are now broken, leaving
      the cart stuck on the 2nd floor.  This has put a
      damper on the plan to move monitors to 67a Barrows.
      War crashed for no good reason.

Treasurer:
      Severe lack of things to report

HS:   Severe lack of things to report

EJC:  Severe lack of things to report


OLD BUSINESS

New purchases - The discussion from the 3-6 meeting was resumed.
A consensus on purchasing consoles seemed to be reached.  No
decision due to lack of quorum.

Server colocation - Decision again delayed until quorum.

ASUC voting - SM still working on securing a machine and secure
web server.

Printer in 217 Eshleman - dunnthat was unable to contact Lavonia
about getting an IOC number.  However, a message by Rune Stromsness
(runes), indicated that only an ASUC purchase order was necessary for
service by WHSG.

NEW BUSINESS

Toner cartridges - There are a number of Apple LaserWriter I
toner cartridges in 67a Barrows.  stangel suggested selling them.
The board discussed issues of what type of selling was allowed under
ASUC rules.  The GM agreed to look into it.


BOD DROPPINGS

Paul Huang (pbhuang), Jen Tsoi (jentsoi), and David Walthall
(land) were all dropped from BOD.


The meeting was closed at 7:00 PM.

Minutes prepared by Richard Dunn (dunnthat)
