Minutes for the OCF Board of Directors Meeting
April 6, 1998

The meeting was called to order at 6:15 PM.

Board members attending:

Ahilan Anantha (ahilan) (SM), Elaine Chao (chaos) (GM),
Luns Tee (tee), Richard Dunn (dunnthat)


Others attending:

Saar Picker (saarp), Brendan Bolles (mrb@bowles-hall.com)


ITEMS OF IMPORTANCE:

There was not a quorom of BOD members


REPORTS

GM:   The fax of the OCF's inventory was sent to Excess &
      Salvage.  There has been no response.  A price quote
      was received from Sun for the OCF's purchase.  Spoke
      to Lavonia about the OCF's insurance, was forwarded to 
      another office, which turned out to be a fax machine.
      Will continue to investigate.  Have not yet looked into
      toner cartridge sale issue, or updating the web page.

SM:   The lab in 217 Eshleman is ready to open.  The SID server
      for ASUC elections is ready to go.  tee has suggested the
      purchase of a paper tray for the printer, SM will look in
      to it.

Treasurer:
      Nothing to report


HS:   Coming soon: Internet privacy, system administration.  A
      proposed schedule for next year has been drawn up.

EJC:  E-week next week


OLD BUSINESS

Bowles server - Brendan Bolles, president of the Bowles Hall
Alumni Association, resubmitted his request for server colocation
under the new policy.  After reading a letter specifying answers
to the policy's questions, the board asked a few follow-up questions.
Under the policy, the board has 2 more meetings to decide on the issue.


NEW BUSINESS

User database - The SM brought up some issues that have been raised
about the user database, including the legality of storing name/SID
pairs.  He will investigate the issue, and the discussion was postponed
until the board has more information.


The meeting was closed at 7:00 PM.

Minutes prepared by Richard Dunn (dunnthat)
