
Minutes for the OCF Board of Directors Meeting
May 4, 1998

The meeting was called to order at 6:15 PM.

Board members attending:

Luns Tee (tee), Ahilan Anantha (ahilan) (SM),
Saar Picker (saarp), Dan Stangel (stangel)
Elaine Chao (chaos) (GM), Richard Dunn (dunnthat)

Others attending:


REPORTS

GM:  The space request form for Eshleman was filled out.
     Contacted Sun about new prices for machines.  Received
     an e-mail from IS&T about whether the OCF needs
     67a Barrows.  Responded that we do, since we have
     no secure server space in Eshleman.

SM:  Staff training meeting held over the weekend.  The
     printer is finally totally fixed.  SSH now works
     on the Apollos.

Treasurer:
     Nothing to report.

HS:  Help sessions are finished for the semester

EJC: Nothing to report.


OLD BUSINESS

Purchases - The OCF has $9679.52 left to spend.  Of that,
about $200 will go to phone bills.  A suggested purchase
plan was presented, namely:

  3  Ultra/5 upgrades of OCF machines   $7200 total
  3  64 MB RAM upgrades for machines    $1500
  Hard drives, paper, toner, etc.       rest of total

The board discussed again the merits of Sun vs. PCs, and
decided that given time constraints, we should go with
the quote we have.  Also discussed was the abnormally
high price of RAM (about 3 times normal).

  MOTION:  saarp motioned that we should approve the
  above pricing plan, with the amendment that $1500
  would be spent on RAM, whether at the prices given
  or lower, and it would be the GM's discretion to
  spend any extra money on extra RAM.

  The motion was seconded, and passed 5-0-1


Bowles server - Based on the recommendation given by
the board at the April 20 meeting, the following motion
was given:

  MOTION:  The OCF should deny Brendan Bolles server
  colocation this summer

  The motion was seconded, and passed 5-1-0

The GM will inform Brendan of the boards decision, and
suggest some alternatives.


NEW BUSINESS

No new business.


The meeting was closed at 6:50 PM.

Minutes prepared by Richard Dunn (dunnthat)


