
To: Board of Directory of the OCF <bod@ocf.Berkeley.EDU>
From: "Sean N. Welch" <welch@ocf.Berkeley.EDU>
Subject: Minutes from the April 8, 1991 Board of Directors Meeting
Date: Wed, 10 Apr 91 08:13:58 -0700

These are indeed the Official Minutes of the Meeting of the Board of
Directors of the Open Computing Facility.  Accept no substitute.

Those present included:

	appel                   cgd                     dpassage
	glass                   ianb                    mehlhaff
	rsr                     welch

There were three issues that were in the least interesting.  They
were the results of the CSUA meeting that had just finished, a
user who is charged with having sent out a chain letter to a number
of newsgroups, and a project proposal for this summer involving
the OCF.

The CSUA has opened their machine, soda, to accounts for undergrads
in the CSUA.  Membership in the CSUA is defined as having an interest
in computer science, so this can potentially be everyone and their
mom, unless she's dead.  Just FYI.

A user evberic (Eric van Bezooijen) is charged with having posted a 
chain letter to several newsgroups.  The effort is ongoing right now
to cancel the postings before we get even more complaints.  (Though
it might be possible for this to circle the globe with the net now 
being so far reaching, at last glance, we had only gotten complaints 
from as far as Norway to the east and Australia to the west.)  The
two big concerns are that we make it known on the net that this user
is being "squished" and that we make sure it doesn't happen again by
one of our users.  The account has been shut off for now, pending 
evberic showing up to appeal this to the Board, the offending articles
are being cancelled as they are reported, and various mail delivery 
schemes have been put into place to let those complaining that the
problem is known and being handled.  In the only memorable quote, 
rsr said that we should "cut his legs off above the wrists".  While
that is unlikely, it is something to consider.

cgd and dpassage came forward with a proposal to port BSD4.4 to the
Apollos.  They would like to have use of two disked machines over the
summer to make good on said proposal.  The Board generally agreed that
this was a good idea provided the machines would be returned, intact,
prior to the end beginning of welcome week.  Good luck to the both of
them.  

On a side note, the required Third General Meeting should be sometime
soon.  The Board placed it roughly at end of April.  welch sugested 
that all past General Meetings in recent memory really sucked.  (Sucked
donkies, actually.)  He suggested that the OCF do something that wouldn't
suck, like watching movies or playing games.  No decision was reached, so
the next one may still suck, but we hope not.

Sean Welch
"What are you going to do with your life?  Nothin."        The Replacements

