Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
bencuan
bryli
ethanhs
jyxzhang
kdr
kmo
ncberberi
njha
rayh
rjz
ronitnath
snarain



Quorum for this meeting is 9

Meeting Started at 19:13

## Summary of upcoming events:

- CockroachDB tech talk is on September 27th @ 6PM 
- Staff meeting at 8pm today
- Sign up for staff hours! (note from ethanhs: please)

## Remote printing updates

ocfweb PR merged, lab changes soon(tm)


## Printer maintenence

Waiting on follow-up from Pam

## Lab cleaning

Happening today during staff meeting

## Keycard access

Please edit document/fill out Google form if you have issues
Going to send message to Sarah about what we had/what we want
Eleanor said we could get another ACL or lockbox for serverroom access

We should reach out to other orgs, anyone want to arrange that?

comm-comm can reach out, will figure out details with snarain

## Opstaff

### Hiring

Hired Nada Lamie as newest opstaff member!

Depending on schedule we may hire another opstaffer since kdr is leaving after this semester.

Could schedule coffee chat and describe situation? - kdr

Can send out an offer later this semester.

Might want to reach out to several applicants about joining staff (kdr can work with ronitnath and ncberberi)


### Harrassment

Several opstaff have been harrassed recently.

Discussed solutions:
- Scan ids and take photo of the front? Maybe
- Ask people to leave
- UCPD in extreme cases
- Recording the OCF? Is difficult.

What would make opstaff feel safer?
- Some way of getting names
- No one wants to be recorded during shift

ronitnath might talk with LEAD people informally.

rjz raised concerns of scanning ID photo

Summary:
Should scan keycards
Should look into building security contact info
Maybe staff should sit near opstaff desk?

## Diversity @ OCF

Brand as not CS club

Coordinate events with SWE/Femtech/etc.

kdr: wow one woman in the whole room?

Retention is really important!

Maybe reconsider how we do recruiting? e.g. more structured

Higher entry level than it should be

Should make website easier to understand and not use too much jargon


## Committees

### University Affairs

No response from Sarah
Meeting next with Sarah/Eleanor
Ask about fire door and after hours to entire building

James Weichart email about STF 3.0 - need to respond

### Finance
STF 3.0 ^^

### Service

Mirrors should be fixed by next week
HPC - status unknown
Printing waiting on servicing

### Internal

Cleaning desktops tonight

Social this Saturday

### Comm-comm

No updates

### Industry & Alumni

CockroachDB next Monday, sending details today and tomorrow,
please show up on Monday + need some hands for setting up the classroom.
Everyone here should also RSVP so I can get accurate attendance count

### Decal

Looking for facilitators


Meeting Adjourned at 20:02

Notetaker: ethanhs
