Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
bencuan
ethanhs
jyxzhang
kdr
lmathias
ncberberi
njha
rjz
ronitnath
snarain

Guests in attendance:
ahujaabhik*
etw*
jaw
ncograin

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 9

Meeting Started at 20:13

Majority of people can do BoD next Monday, for * M nominations. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DF_WFwlZajDaQwPj4FBRlzHTfUDu8t9Zu8k9FnslFrA/edit#gid=0

Started a sheet for that.
Next next week will be elections.

Bylaw changes are discussed, look at the relevant google doc.

Bylaw 5 passes.
Bylaw 18 passes.

We're going to have a runbook party to update that. It may be moved because lots of people can't make it.

Opstaff
We got an angry email from the student union about not opening on time, talked to opstaff about moving time, opstaff quit (was doing 3 opening shifts), having to rebalance, will need to hire 2-3 new people instead of 1-2.

We should put applications for this out asap, maybe roll OCF user survey in with that.

Some discussion about how to send the email out, sampling, number of responses, etc.

We're going to respond to the email as well.

If you want to participate in hiring, say so.

Buysheet

3090 cancelled.
    Memes.
First aid kit passed.
    Other one is 10 yrs old.
Batteries cancelled.
    Found some in storage room.
Supermicro, supermicro, minisas passed.
    For y2k, we're running all our production VMs on one node right now.
Supermicro already purchased passed.
    For riptide upgrades.
Fan passed.
    For falling rocks.
Food passed.
    Staff socials.
    
Regarding university affairs,
Elanor/Sharay said that MLK will never go back to prepandemic.
We will be getting temp card for storage room, we already have storage box.
Had an issue of someone hiding in the storage room with the lights off after hours.
We continue to have fire door issues.

Regarding service affairs,
We did the hypervisor update, rjz and ethanhs stayed up for a while to get that done.

No more GMs, alum banquet on 12/4
No other updates from committees.

Meeting Adjourned at 21:05

Notetaker: ronitnath
