Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
bencuan
ethanhs
jyxzhang
kmo
ncberberi
njha
rayh
rjz
ronitnath
snarain



Quorum for this meeting is 7

Meeting Started at 19:17



Bod is now 7-8pm, can't stay past 6 on Monday, MLK building policies.

First staff meeting is next wednesday 8-9pm (right after bod). (9/8)
Internal's job to do that.

Sign up for staff hours!

Getting your Bearings is happening this weekend. We should do more advertising so we get a higher turnout than last time.

The decal is looking for facilitators (sysadmin).



Vision for the OCF


We need better recruitment and retention.

Committees need to be more front and center, and it needs to have higher involvement. It's good for distributing work and getting new OCF staff involved.

Still working on reopening the lab properly. Need to focus on advertising more. Need to advertise that the OCF is open, and that the lab exists.
There are a lot of people who are new to campus, and so we need to tell them that we exist in the first place.

RT#10201: kmo's reorganization ideas. Very good read!
Some bylaw and constitution changes have been drafted based on those changes. Check those out.
Will discuss next bod.


Q: Are committees not supposed to be just committee heads?
A: Yes, that's true, but that's not what actually happens (I feel that - notetake)

Bod related items:
We still need to navigate server purchases. Its not on buysheet, bc we need to talk about what we want to buy.



Pending lab tasks

We've already moved the printers to the back left of the room (if the TV is the front).
Remote printing idea: Changes that are on puppet and OCFLIB need to be reviewed, there are changes for the desktop side coming too. We also need to buy a webcam (on buysheet).

We need to ask for maintainance, all three are currently experiences default tray errors.
We need to get new mice.


Keycard access is kind of a mess right now, so fill out this one form to get access.

Opstaff is looking for a new staffer. Check fb for more information. Kdr will show up next week and following bods.

Minimum wage rose. We should raise our minimum wage too. Estiamted cost of $17 assistant wage and $19 manager wage: ~$1k more. (base rate is $16k/$16.8k (57 vs 60 hours a week).
We're gonna vote for it now: Unanimous vote for 17/19.

Opstaff needs GApps accounts



Committees and checkins


University Affairs:

Megan left, Daniel Choi (Lead Center Director rn)  is our new person (and Alice Loc), we'll schedule in next two weeks.
Elanor meetings: still needs to be done. Need to talk about ventilation. Especially: wtf are our vents on the ceiling doing?

Opstaff: there will be weekly meetings.
Kdr will be invited to bod meetings to provide updates.

Will get CASSA funds soon.


Internal:
(this section's notes were taken by ~njha, since ~ronitnath was talking)

Had a combined meeting a few days ago, main things:
- Sending out a recruitment post pretty soon, new mockup was created (WIP), everyone pls improve the wording...
  (ronit says "if key club marketed themselves as a service-oriented service org" - too vague)

- Instead of families, orientation groups. We have families to integrate new people into the ocf. The problem
  is mostly getting people from "what is OCF" to "I know how to use and am comfortable using #rebuild for anything)
  replicate the success of GBO groups, need people who have free time to run these since they take lots of free time

Q: how small should each group be?
A: don't know yet, let's try things

- Go on discord, #introduce-yourself and post something there to make it look more popular. "Exploiting human psychology"
  Just say what everyone else is saying and put in your own information


Communications:
(back to ronit)

We're going to advertise, piazza, reddit, socials.
Put on Berkeley subreddit, use all the facebook groups (different class groups).

Finance:

Need to do the finance trainings. Ronit has not done it, Rayh has done it for another org and needs to be added to the OCF.

Larger finance elements are cleared already.
Past funds need to be transferred over.
Make sure absa gets deposited.
New buysheet is a newstaff project.


Industry/Alum

Please send recs for companies.
Already is in contact with some people.


Buysheet:

Lots of things bought in summer, ppe, switch, etc.

Unanimous vote for approving those two things above, and snarain.

Vote for mics and mice:

Propose up to $60 for lapel mics for bod. Unanimous.
5 gaming mice from amazon. Unanimous vote.

We need to buy new servers for kube and web services. 16 core nodes, gives us better fillover.
5 nodes and 1 epic node (many more nodes) is $36k. Or we could do 4-in-1 epic node, $85k (includes hpc, good bc ml hype right now)


8gb -> 48gb
Makes our stuff as good as or better than csua
Lead time for purchase is several months
Maybe not enough staff to set up a new hpc node.
Worried about having enough power (12 amps total) but could move some stuff around.
Maybe ask csua about us managing some of their resources and sharing compute with our users?


Decal

Going well, lab 0 is open, join the decal, need facilitators.


Meeting Adjourned at 20:12

Notetaker: ronitnath
