Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
bryli
ethanhs
kdr
kmo
ncberberi
njha
rjz
rmxu
snarain
ronitnath
jyxzhang
anddone

Guests in attendance:
bencuan*
kian*
viansa
evangong
shzhao
lmathias*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 8

Meeting Started at 19:14

* <RT NUMBER>: <TOPIC>

## Opstaff:

 Opstaff card reader status: in progress, software is nearly ready

 Lab closures: Veterans Day (Thurs. 11/11), Saturday all day (social)
  - Updated on website

 Another round of PR's this week

 Slack channel created for opstaff hiring: responsibilities include giving interviews and reading applications. kdr: OM should not be primarily responsible for hiring, so volunteer staff should take the lead, maintain timeline, have final say in hiring, etc.
  - This needs to be done this semester (open applications next Monday??) such that final decisions can be made around finals week
 - Hiring graphics are in progress. Amy is collecting newsletters to publicize hiring, but if anyone else has other places to post please do so.
 - Esther (who has worked as opstaff several times previously, and is taking this semester off) may possibly come back for part of next semester
 - OM + OA hiring/promotion will need to be sorted out (some interest for OM, promotion will be influenced on performance review results)
 - Fewer opstaff this semester = more difficult to get shifts covered

Moffitt is closing next semester, so OCF might get more traffic.
 - Can't hire too many more opstaff
 - Hours expanding during weekends (will be open Sundays)

bryli: If hours expand, can we hire opstaff during the semester?
 - yes, but kdr will not be there. 


## Diversity @ OCF:
 - Joint social happening this Saturday
 - jyxzhang reached out to some orgs (CS groups, Legends...) but nobody has replied yet
 - would it be possible to postpone for another week to increase visibility?
 	- 11/20 might be ok, but very close to Thanksgiving weekend
 - Improving accessibility of website: hoping for a release milestone by this Friday


## Bylaw/Constitution Change Proposal
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yleTenFX9y3OdIw5orTYsTem2N2fHGpe0k7gw0fkoH0/edit

Summary:
 - Make electronic voting bar the same as in-person voting (section 5)
 - njha: the current policy has some merit because having everyone in person means higher participation and presence 
 - ncberberi: concern is that in person meetings don't always occur (covid, summer, etc) 
 - njha: treat live electronic voting via bod the same as in person??
 - kdr: if people don't vote, does the number of required votes decrease proportionally?
 	- ethanhs: no (this prevents people from passing things during inconvenient times like finals week)
	- should nonresponses count as "no" votes? 
		- requiring majority of quorum would make it easier to get the total number of required votes
		- must wait for 48 hours after notification before counting total votes (just in case total votes exceeds quorum)
 - Example: if 17 people on BOD, 9 votes for yes would be needed to pass electronically. Under the new amendment, only 5 would be needed.

 - Reword committees (section 18)
 	- Consolidate committees (industry+alum -> external, remove lab space, remove service)
	- Final committee list: internal, external, decal, finance
	- Add runbooks for each committee (enumerates specific responsbilities). Committees are responsible for maintaining and following runbooks.

 - Constitution changes:
 - *Ms oversee committees
 - Add operations manager duties
 	- Makes it possible to limit OM influence on BoD for voting on items directly relating to the OM role (wages, etc.)

Vote on bylaw changes:
 - seconded by ethanhs

## Committee Checkins

Service: buying new GPUs - should email nvidia instead. should be handled by someone at some point
Internal: social plans, banquet, etc
Industry/Alum: planning for t-shirt sales (rt ticket will be sent out this week)
 - Is profiting off t-shirts allowed? No
Decal: approved for sp22


Meeting Adjourned at 20:10

Notetaker: bencuan
