Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
bryli
ethanhs
jyxzhang
kdr
ncberberi
njha
rayh
rjz
snarain

Guests in attendance:
kian*
lmathias*
lmathias

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 8

Meeting Started at 19:13

Staff hours:
Need more veteran staffers to sign up for staff hours

Keycard Access:
- Just need to go to Bahar, 30 minute slot (information in #administrivia, TBD)
    - Current 24/7 keycard works, but door is closed sometimes
    - Server room keycard same status as before (2 options), lockbox maybe?

Opstaff
- Need to find card reader (for harassment prevention) and figure out what to do with it
- njha can work on getting that running
- Purchase requests have been put through, hopefully goes through, but may be stuck in phase 3

Diversity @ OCF
- Most women are only here because they're friends with one guy in OCF, so not really part of community?
- Website could be made more accessible (Google Docs of hard-to-understand jargon from last time)
- Lots of resources are great, but most people have no idea what they are (like Kubernetes)
    - Without explanation, people don't really know what we do/how to get started
    - Consider making "how to do X" guides for everything we do, but will take a LONG time and/or a lot of people
    - May have a guide to RT tickets that used to be for Opstaff, could be used for OCF instead
    - Documentation Hack Day??

University Affairs
- Chartered program summit happened, just met other chartered programs
- Meeting w/ Sarah will be updated on GCal
- Meeting w/ Sam Pierce, will likely give lab space to ATDP this summer
    - Short summer course for HS students, subjects like AP Calc (~2 classes)
- Meeting w/ Bahar in the coming week, will negotiate about # of people on emergency list/limited access
- Senate Presentation 10/27 during BoD, mandatory report to ASUC
- STF renewal? Not just about OCF, also about campus as a whole (several million $)
    - Deadline for submission is Nov 12, put on ballot in Spring '22, in effect Summer or Fall '22
    - More people can get involved :)

Finance
- Ronit setting things up, some purchase requests going through

Service
- No progress on remote printing
- Mirrors mostly up, no huge issues
    - SSD cache to accelerate metadata accesses, but need to figure out how to do it, also need redundancy
- Back to Gigabit Oct 29, for now things are limited to 500 Mbps (62.5 MB/s)
- Need someone to help with HPC, same problems
    - Since it's not working, we should probably put some notice out?
    - Should be a blog post, people are still going to request HPC access (just say it's not working)
- Upgrade to Bullseye is mostly working, some minor issues
    - 5-6 computers upgraded

Internal
- Hackday went pretty well, SF trip is on hold until most midterms are done though (~2 weeks later?)
- Resume workshop was being talked about, maybe this weekend, but may be next weekend instead
- Maybe have regular meetings, will discuss with Ronit
    - Previous discussed time was Monday 2-3 PM

Communications
- Last meeting was mostly fixing computers/printers

Industry and Alumni Relations
- Counted and tabulated what T-Shirt designs we currently have, planning to find the files for them and put them on merch website
- Contact Katrina about some of the design files

Buysheet:
Door stoppers - passed
Intel E5-2420 V2 2.2 GHz 6C Processor + PowerEdge Heatsink + HYNIX 16GB 2RX4 for fallingrock - passed
Desk RFID reader - passed

Meeting Adjourned at 20:06

Notetaker: bryli
