Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
asai
bencuan
bryli
etw
jyxzhang
kdr
kian
kmo
lmathias
ncberberi
ncograin
rjz
ronitnath
snarain
ronitnath

Guests in attendance:
amyoh*
rminjy

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.


Quorum for this meeting is 10

Meeting Started at 19:15

Buy sheet
---------

- NUC parts - tornado (NUC behind TV) died, we are buying a new one
  - passed unanimously
- Supermicro front panel adapter for y2k
  - passed
- kegerator (new fridge?!)
  - memes, tabled

Operations Staff
----------------

- Hiring - 4 offers sent for OA, OM picked
- Hours for dead week / finals week updated already
- Retroactively making OM pay $3 more than OA (19 to 20)
  - match old difference between OM and OA wages
  - would cost $247.50
  - unanimous pass

Committee Head Elections
------------------------

- Structure: 2 min speech, 2 min Q&A, no deliberations

Internal

- bryli
  - main focus: onboarding and retention
  - work with external on socials and getting people to join
  - have meetings with *Ms and project leaders to keep up with documentation
    - want to sacrifice some progress on projects to ensure future staff can
      stay up-to-date with our infrastructure
  - allocating work to people / members having responsibilities - set clear
    goals for staff to work on
  - Q&A:
    - how would you solve the staff retention problem?
      - onboarding is a big issue - people need to know how to solve problems
        and get things done, otherwise they lose interest
      - having clear responsibilities - give interested people purpose /
        tangible progress on tasks they're assigned
    - are you interested in managing onboarding as a more project-based system?
      - not just internal, need to collaborate
      - first step is to make people aware of the projects that we have
    - what do you imagine documentation looking like?
      - basics of what someone would need to finish a simple project in that
        area
      - tutorial? specific tasks that lead you to understanding a codebase
    - what events are you planning to hold?
      - more hack days would be nice (need to talk with people managing
        projects)
      - looking for more variety open to suggestions
    - thoughts on rafts/families
      - good way to get people involved and build relationships with other
        staffers
- kian
  - perspective as first-semester staffer
  - main problem is lack of retention - people aren't able to discover their
    place in the OCF
  - need to advertise groups more, show people what the OCF has to offer
  - give hands-on experience with the interest groups / committees at general
    meetings
  - socials (like joint social) went well, more of this + opportunities to get
    involved
  - Q&A
    - what would "hands-on" look like?
      - e.g. web team: showing the website, brief walkthrough of codebase
      - committees: giving walkthrough of how to plan socials / communications /
        etc. - give them a feel for what they do
    - thoughts on rafts/families
      - potentially implementing system for next semester - started in web group
        this semester
    - what's your theory of OCF recruitment and retention?
      - retention: let people find a place that they feel comfortable and
        belong in
      - recruitment: advertise ourselves as more than just free printing
        (technical stuff, graphic design, etc.)

External

- anddone
  - pushing for lab improvements and maintenance: fixing shared storage, cleanup
  - outlier as not CS/EECS who has an interest in computers - has perspective as
    a bit of an "outsider"
  - lead external to bridge with other groups on campus by using this experience
  - Q&A
- ncograin
  - want to learn more and get involved
  - advertise better - to greater audience, figure out what our target
    demographic is and target
  - have some experience with sponsorships / industry relations already
  - Q&A
    - what sponsorships in the past?
      - FRC in HS, managed sponsorship emails, etc.
    - how will you tackle diversity @ OCF?
      - look at who we want to target and examine why we aren't attracting them

Finance

- rayh
  - have improved pace of approving PRs during current time as FiComm
  - Q&A
    - what's your favorite part of CalLink?
      - it's responsive - however, not fully responsive :(
    - any new initiatives?
      - nothing in particular planned, but open to ideas
    - would OCF continue to advocate for things like STF?
      - not too familiar with ASUC affairs yet
- ncberberi
  - before being GM, was FiComm head for 3 semesters
  - done most of previous work with STF (STF on the ballot next semester!)
  - Q&A
    - do we have a plan to spend our funds?
      - nothing particularly specific - can always buy more servers
    - any new initiatives?
      - not really
      - probably look into verifying / cross-checking opstaff hours again
- snarain
  - potential for a lot of growth
  - previous finance knowledge with ABSA / emergency funding
  - Q&A
    - what are your plans for growth?
      - bi-weekly meetings / socials similar to industry comm this semester
    - reach out for sponsorships?
      - we should do that / don't do that enough right now
    - is merch shop on the table?
      - combined effort between FiComm and External

Decal

- laksith
- lmathias
  - was ghost-facilitating this semester, took it previously
  - want to expand - programming class for people who don't want to take 61A /
    jump right into Linux
  - bringing people from decal to OCF staff e.g. OCF-specific section, units for
    working on OCF projects
  - tie in to retention - make clear what projects exist e.g. writing content
  - make sure we have facilitators / don't have gaps
  - Q&A
    - what's the intended difference between beginner programming class and CS10
      - Linux/Python, no Scratch, no essays
    - is beginner programming a separate decal?
      - still in the air
    - what's the timeline on these improvements?
      - not next semester, targeting Fall 22 (programming would be Spring 23)
    - would we introduce people to Python ecosystem that we use e.g. Django?
      - maybe? don't know if there's time
    - thoughts on facilitator shortage?
      - lower barrier to facilitate - just go through the section, and make this
        more clear
      - keep more people active on decal


Election results:
Internal: kian, bryli
External: anddone, ncograin
Finance: rayh, snarain, ncberberi
Decal: laksith, lmathias

University affairs
------------------
- Meetings
  - With Sarah:
    - Introduced new *Ms
    - PR deadline is December 7th (yesterday)
      - If alumni banquet PR (or other PRs) gets stage 3'd, they should still be
        able to go through before the end of the year as long as we fix it
        quickly
  - With Eleanor:
    - Fire Door
      - Has been "permanently" unlocked
    - Temp Card
      - Has been picked up
      - Need the lockbox code
        - njha, etw have it
      - Eleanor will let us know when it is active
    - Emergency Access Transfer
      - Will tell Eleanor the new people who should have emergency access
      - All *Ms + 2 selected other people
    - Winter Break Access
      - Emergency access is unchanged, should still work over winter break to
        the 6 select people
    - Kaitlyn is temp interim executive director while a replacement for Bahar
      is found
      - Kaitlyn will be around at least until spring break; hiring process is
        slow
      - Kaitlyn is supposedly less strict compared to Bahar about building
        security; we should reach out to her
- New OCF-ATDP MOU - needs to be signed by OCF representative
  - vote passes

Other committees
----------------
No updates

Constitution
------------
- removing clause about restricting OM voting powers
  - originally because of conflict of interest as paid position
  - we will just leave conflicts of interest to BoD discretion
  - opstaff have been on BoD previously, they're members of staff already

Operations Staff Treatment
--------------------------
- Private matters should not be brought up during BoD
  - That includes mentioning particular staff members or opstaff members
  - If there are particular problems, talk to a *M
- Opstaff are 1. human beings and 2. working paid shifts. Understand that they
  cannot *leave* in the middle of a shift. Please treat them with respect

Conclusions!
------------

- first in-person post-COVID semester
- got emergency funding + STF on the ballot next semester
- room to improve with newstaff but on the right track
- good events

- administrative highlights: unique socials, alumni banquet, all thanks to great
  committee heads; committee consolidation
- technical highlights: bullseye upgrade
- room for improvement:
  - staff recruitment - could benefit from opstaff-style
    recruitment pipeline e.g. interest form to better organize new staff,
    interviews for old staff to get to know newstaff
  - diversity - reach out to more organizations, invite people to our lab space
  - access - after-hours was important to social structure pre-COVID
  - more committee meetings

Thank you everyone for a great semester!

- By bylaw #16, as of midnight the membership of BoD is as follows:
  - amyoh
  - asai
  - bencuan
  - bryli
  - etw
  - jyxzhang
  - kian
  - kmo
  - lmathias
  - ncberberi
  - ncograin
  - rayh
  - rjz
  - ronitnath
  - snarain
- These Directors have confirmed their ability to serve as a Director during the
  following Spring semester.


Meeting Adjourned at 20:34

Notetaker: etw
