Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
bryli
ethanhs
jyxzhang
kdr
kmo
njha
rayh
rjz
ronitnath
snarain

Guests in attendance:
bentref*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 9

Meeting Started at 19:14

* Announcements
- Please sign up for staff hours
- 5 more BoD meetings, assuming no RRR meeting
- Elections on the 1st

* Removal of Remote BoD
- Low attendance of remote BoD on the Google Meet
- Today, only ocf-tv and snarain (presenter) on the meet
- Every BoD member is on-campus
- snarain invokes executive privilege to cancel remote BoD, starting next week
- two more people joined remote BoD after it was cancelled

* Opstaff (kdr)
> Card reader?
-- rjz: can get it working today without case
> Lab closures
-- This weekend, next weekend, 12/4 weekend cancellation
> Purchase requests
-- Some people have not made PRs yet, but will get it done by tomorrow opstaff meeting
> Hiring for this semester
-- Will work on timeline this week
-- Interested in helping hire: snarain, kmo, jyxzhang, rjz, kian, ronitnath 
-- ronit: wants to hire opstaff from staff
-- kdr: concerns because volunteer staff pool is not very diverse, and opstaff is one of the few populations that can recruit well
-- should focus recruiting externally versus internally, should be open to everyone
> Performance Reviews
-- Will be working on them next week
-- Would like to ask for help since never happened during kdr's time
-- Will bring up lateness issue with an opstaffer
-- Will gauge interest in OM position
> Opstaff meeting
-- Had to cancel last week b/c of house emergency
> Projects
-- Projects going OK, could be faster
-- No explicit deadlines set for projects, so not super expedited
-- Lots of people comfortable doing graphic design
-- Please include some sort of deadline for future projects
> Direct Deposit
-- Waiting for checks
-- Will wait until Monday, lots of time
> #opstaff channel
-- Please avoid spamming in the channel, only use for relevant information
-- Use #administrivia instead
-- Related to: printing/printer changes, desk staffing, packages, general maintenance lab
-- Send in #opstaff anyways

* Diversity @ OCF
> Joint event social
- In terms of other clubs, UGTCS is interested
- Joint event with the OCF?
- ethanhs: rebooting hypervisors at the same time 2-4, desktops won't work next Saturday
> Accessibility Document
- Looked at document, no concrete changes
- ronit: Sent out a few tasks
- new website by next week?
- working on editing existing documentation
- kmo: please think about releasing in a orderly fashion
-- let some users know beforehand to give feedback

* Bylaw/Constitution Changes Proposal
> Restructure committee system
- Currently, committee heads are heading the full committee effort
- Looking to apply this new system for next semester
- ethanhs: should give feedback period, discuss next BoD, and vote following
- kmo: already introduced last week so people should've had feedback before 
> Comments opened
- ronit: i have midterm in 18 hours
- kdr: payment vouchers, had to extrapolate money for every opstaff
- should be a ficomm responsibility, since staff have more info
- ronit: roles in constitution should be more detailed
- ethanhs: should be vague as possible in constitution so that we don't get bound to it later by ASUC
- kdr: suggest a runbook for each position/head
> Proposal
- Second next BoD, Vote the Bod following that
> Encode Operations Manager Responsibilities in Constitution?
- ethanhs: not a good idea to enshrine in constitution
- kdr: there's a handbook with rules that opstaff agree to, and sign something (?) -- will need to review details
- but this is between OM and opstaff
- this is more of OM mentioned as a part of BoD
- unsure where it best fits, but it should go somewhere so responsibility distribution is very clear
> Undocumented opstaff
- Performance reviews, financials, hiring, other OM responsibilities
- unfair to make this unclear
- minos: should definitely be documented + clear expectations, but unsure on place
- (kmo note: would recommend putting documentation efforts for next BoD)

* University Affairs
- Add nore staff to normal keycard access
- Voted in favor for a lockbox in the server room
- Expanded RRR hours and Finals
-- Down to five people then
-- 9-8 Wednesday on RRR
- Spring 2022 Hours
-- Expanding "for sure"
-- After hours will not be allowed due to "safety concerns"
-- OCF is the only org with after hours access apparently
-- we should riot

* Service Comm
- GPUs should go into desktops
- Added new HPC to buysheet

* Finance Comm
- no updates

* Internal Comm
- kian going to run staff meeting today
- upcoming events: CTF, joint social next, Alum Banquet 4th
- revamp onboarding system for next semester

* Industry Alum
- there will be a meeting this week

* DeCal
- onboarding issue
- sections will be split into 4 sections (40 seats in-person)
- some sections with OCF infrastructure interest
- other will be virtual sections

* Buysheet
- rayh: approve two food items
- omnibus: social food items will be approved

Meeting Adjourned at 20:14

Notetaker: kmo
