Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
ethanhs
jyxzhang
kdr
kmo
njha
rayh
rjz
ronitnath
snarain

Guests in attendance:
rmxu*
kian*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 8

Meeting Started at 19:15

* <RT NUMBER>: <TOPIC>
Staff hours:
Please stop canceling staff hours, or at least cancel one day in advance

Buysheet: 
ind & alum event food - kmo - passed
2TB USB HDD for large data transfer use - kmo - passed
Social #1 food - rjz, ronitnath - passed
HDD RMA shipping - rjz - passed
Social #2 food - ronitnath - passed
Pens - evangone - passed
Wireless speakers - ronitnath - postponed

Keycard access
- Getting in touch with other orgs that would also probably need better keycard access?
    - BicyCAL, Blue & Gold, SUPERB, Art Studio, PMC, Be Well at B North, Basic Needs Center, etc
ethanhs: campus cut budget for MLK security -> limited hrs, covid reason less true, 
if we can get all the orgs to complain we can maybe get them to revert that (and people need a spot for studying after 6pm)
njha: there are other places for ppl to go to like Soda

Opstaff
- Hiring
    - Updates on future timeline?
    - no response from candidate coffee chat was offered to

    - Nada keycard access
	no access yet - ethanhs: will mention w/ Eleanor



- Lab closures
    - need notice 1 week in advance otherwise opstaff is compensated (i checked the handbook lol)

    - compensating Rachel (9/25, 2 hours) and Nada (10/2, 7 hours) 
Rachel lost 2hrs last Saturday, also Nada on this Saturday - their hours will be included


- Opstaff weekly meetings
    - Thursdays 2-2:30 pm (for now)
    - project ideas?
	kdr: scope - social media, graphics, signages, etc.
	data analysis, feedback (we can offer pages as incentive)
	ronitnath: Cal1Card decal on door with Waddles

jyxzhang: comm meeting 2-3 pm thu, so maybe joint meeting to work on social media stuff?

	ethanhs: will demonstrate remote printing procedure next week (?)

- New CSA process (payment voucher form)
    - working out logistics with Sarah
    - padding payment voucher hours? [see hours log](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vZYpRKgMDKdnew_WcOLgd9qJ0MoVdg-Dm_6bhrE2n08/edit#gid=1876917466) under "total anticipated hours" sheet for specifics
	voucher is not actual payment to opstaff
	any downsides?
	will do tomorrow

- Preventing opstaff harassment
    - Keycard scanning
    - Adding a sign that says we (opstaff) reserve the right to ask people to leave
ethanhs: best measure rn is scanning card ID
njha: where is the other keycard reader? (storage room)
snarain: any way to request access to campus db?
njha: maybe some campus systems have access and some don't
njha: SID is privileged but we should have a reasonable reason
ethanhs: data protection requirements for handling privileged data?
snarain: sounds like a great hack day idea

Adding a 'we reserve the right to ...' sign at entrance?
kdr: sounds good

Diversity @ OCF:
collab with other clubs

ronit: actual things: 
making the website more accessible (layout, link structure, etc.)
	we have a large webdev team so likely to go live before EoS
working with php 
talk w/ kdr this Sat about other ways to improve diversity (6-7p)

njha: for people feeling lost I have time available for 1-on-1s


Committee Delegations & Check-ins
University Affairs
- Meetings
    - with Sarah: scheduled bi-weekly Mondays 1-1:30
        - Talked about access issues
        - She met with Eleanor to try and negotiate better access
            - From that meeting, here's what she told us:
                - Fire doors are supposed to remain open at all times
                - We are supposed to have 24/7 emergency access to MLK
                - Recommends reaching out to Bahar to expand the emergency access list - ethanhs, rjz
    - with James Weichert (AAVP and CACSSF co-chair)
        - MSF and how we were "discluded"
            - (James) put pressure on campus to pay for software licensing
        - STF's successor and future plans
- Cosponsoring Student Technology Grant (STG) & Committee
    - Proposal can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1c1E55oA7dBZmBF4iUfLjZhPdFthb7IiWAx-2vWEGAVc/edit)
    - TL;DR This committee will hopefully lead to a sort of STF 3.0
        - The goal is to have a smaller student fee compared to the STF, but allocate those funds to tech-related RSOs + OCF
    - **Vote**: Do we want OCF to cosponsor the resolution?
ethanhs: will there eventually be a STF as well?
snarain: no
ethanhs: mixed feelings - appreciate that asuc is spending more on stu tech groups, but this proposal's scale is too small
 (cont'd) maybe we can talk with James re: redoing the STF?
snarain: after the STF failed a lot of things got stripped from the STF (eg. MSF)
rayh - why can't the STF be put back on the ballot?
snarain: not sure, might need to be reintroduced by a senator, best to contact ASUC directly about this
<MSF was for software licenses, funded by campus>
ethanhs: maybe we can do this and (STF minus MSF)
kdr: it says "the OFC", could you tell them to fix that?

> WHEREAS,  the STF provided grants for projects and organizations including the ASUC iClicker rental program, the ASUC Senate live stream project, Cal Hacks, bridges, the OFC, the EOP STEM community space, and the Graduate Assembly laptop rental program; and

snarain: we haven't given them the permission to put our name there yet
rmxu: I know some ASUC people don't like the STF < ...?... > and think that STF is for software only
wording for last STF was like if you don't vote for us you lost adobe
a lot of money went to less accessible RSOs
a better way is to introduce something like this, which specifically target accessible RSOs like the OCF, but like STG with more money

ronitnath: I think they want to get us onboard, or we may need to roll our own proposal which will be even harder to get approved

ronitnath: how about we request someone representing the OCF to be on the committee?

vote to cosponsor the bill and request to have an OCF officer on the committee
**PASSED**

Finance

Service
remote printing - new ETA next week
mirrors - rjz worked a lot on this, system now running bullseye
all lab computers operational?
bullseye upgrades - rjz started work today
will get quote for new servers

Internal: staff meeting will go over github prs, plz help new staff if you are around;
hack day this weekend, next Sat planning to have SF trip; more details on the chat

CommComm: nothing, (snarain liked the recaps)



DeCal still looking for facilitators






Meeting Adjourned at 20:05

Notetaker: rjz
