Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
bryli
ethanhs
jyxzhang
kdr
kmo
ncberberi
njha
rayh
rjz
rminjy
rmxu
ronitnath
snarain


Quorum for this meeting is 9

Meeting Started at 19:15

## service committee

### remote printing:
ethans: a bug with slurm

- staff hours
    - there should be more staff hours
    - kmo: created a guide for staff hours
    - fridays 4-6pm?
    - kdr: not good to delay staff hours until once a week
    - ethanhs: limitation is lots of people graduated, so less senior folks around
    - ethanhs: is it good idea to have requirements for those holding staff hours?
    - asai: are we reaching out to new staff? if it is staffing issue, we can be proactive and reach out to people
    - ethanhs: can only think of a few people that know how to do things, so that is a bottleneck
    - xx can do Thursday 3-4
    - staff hour participation was low to begin with?
    - pair new staff with old staff?
- 10 GiB ethernet
    - likely not going to happen
    - can infrastructure support 10 GiB?
    - building should have gotten new router yesterday
- printer maintenance
    - didn't mention loud printing in error, but was issue in gear in printer, wasn't mentioned in email so gears and fuses will be ordered and need more delay

### Opstaff

- card reader status?
    - rjz: script is ready, but terminal issue
    - kdr: should we start preparing signage?
- lab closures
    - 30th from 3-6, no week advance notice so will be paid
- PRs
    - total is 28 days, lots of days, they will sit in Stage 5 until they get approved
    - maybe weekly? but delay itself probably won't get fixed for a while
- slack channel
    - channel's been a bit too busy, opstaff having trouble finding important stuff, can maybe reduce off-topic?
- hiring for next semester
    - should start thinking about soon
    - nice to have more help
    - talk more next week: ronit interested in helping
- one opstaff often late, and they have opening shift
    - kdr: no protocol in guide on performance issues?
    - asai: typically, halfway through semester is performance reviews, one-on-one talk to opstaff, give opportunity to change

## Diversity @ OCF

- actionables:
    - reaching out to other clubs, and updating website/documentation
    - anddone: suggested some clubs (see agenda)
    - tech talks?
    - ronit: small group to work on starter projects, to not just be a spreadsheet of projects
    - snarain: collab events?
    - ronit: if outside people come to ocf event and eat ocf-paid food, are they good?
        - general opinion: sure, why not
        - not enough food last time
    - communication w/ other orgs should be 2 weeks advance notice
    - @commcomm for organization/contacting other orgs of upcoming social?


## Bylaw/Constitution Changes Proposal

- summer meetings, we discussed potential changes
- no time right now to discuss, but intent is to apply these changes next semester
- proposal linked in agenda, more in-depth next week

## Committee Check-ins

- university affairs
    - PRs stuck on stages 2-4 according to Sarah, so Nicholas and snarain will check in at ASUC sometime
    - more keycard info: staff has new form now, lab & storage room during normal hours
    - firedoor issue: checking in with building staff, door still not staying open
    - will ask Eleanor, but nothing is happening
    - 4-6 more people added hopefully to emergency access list
    - Server room access vote:
        - $20? Vote: Passed (10)
    - Installation: uses PIN. on wall? do we need to clean?

updates: see agenda

internal comm
- dec 4 alumni meeting: ronit needs some help with it

decal
- ronit will submit form
- looking to overhaul some of the demos
- otherwise we are chilling, TuesThurs 8-10pm

buy sheet? nothing critical

Meeting Adjourned at 20:07

Notetaker: rayh
