		OCF Board of Directors Meeting
		   September 16, 1998

Board members present:
	Richard Dunn (dunnthat) (gm)
	Katrina Templeton (katster) (sm)
	Naim Busek (naimstin)
	Elaine Chao (chaos) (secretary)
	Saar Picker (saarp)

Other members present:
	Alan Coopersmith (alanc)

The meeting was opened at 6:10 pm.

Agenda:
	I. Welcome
	II. Appointments
		Secretary
		Treasurer
		EJC
	III. Reports
		General Manager
		Site Manager
	IV. Old Business
		DMB
		Quotas
		Fire Safety
	V. New Business
	VI. Elections
		DMB
	VII. Go home

II. Appointments
	The GM appointed Elaine Chao as the secretary.  After a few
	moments, the GM decided to postpone the appointments of the
	positions of treasurer and EJC rep.

III.  Reports

	General Manager
	
	The GM reported that the OCF is now officially registered with SAS.  
	He also discussed his presentation at the September Webnet meeting,
	which took place 15 September 1998 around lunchtime.  Richard was 
	one of two students among a number of staff members.  There were
	a number of presentations regarding WWW access on campus.  Our
	presentation was received favorably and generated the most amount
	of questions.  Richard handed out a lot of flyers to interested 
	parties.

	Site Manager

	The SM reported that pestilence is now up and running as the backup
	mail server.  All of the aliases have been updated for the new 
	officers and for Board of Directors.  Root passwords have been
	changed.  We have three new staff members who Kat is encouraging to
	come to OCF Board of Directors meetings.  Kat also plans to meet 
	with Preston sometime soon, though she hasn't yet.  She is also 
	waiting for Luns to get keys to her.  A question was asked regarding
	whether the group bod had also been updated with new Board Members.
	Kat replied with the affirmative.

IV.  Old Business

	DMB

	There was a quick review the power of BoD in creating DMB policies,
	since some of those present hadn't attended that particular portion
	of the General Meeting the week before.  Richard brought out a 
	skeleton set of policies for the Board to discuss and add to.  A
	few suggestions were made to the draft that Richard had brought in,
	including setting the limitations of DMB to grant waivers (suggested
	to be approximately one year - the end of the next semester following
	the request) and the limitations of how much space DMB could grant
	(suggested to be up to twice the default quota of the OCF).  Anything
	outside that level would go to the Board of Directors.  The DMB would
	also have to record their decisions and warn the users before their
	quota waiver is up so that account holders can reapply for a waiver,
	to reassess their needs, etc.  The Board of Directors would also 
	receive a copy of decisions made by the DMB.  More discussion will
	follow in the meetings to come.

	Quotas
	
	The quotas, originally set at 4MB soft and 5MB hard, were changed to
	10MB soft and 11MB hard.  Richard moved to increase to increase the
	quotas to that number.  Saar seconded.  Motion passed 4-0.  The Site
	Manager was asked to implement and inform the users.

	Fire Safety Policy
	
	Kat will start working on one.

V.  New Business

	Request for Additional Account

	asha@ocf asked the Site Manager for a second account for a subgroup 
	of their group.  Discussion came to the consensus that each group 
	can only have 1 account and that Kat should discuss alternatives 
	with them.

VI.  Elections

	DMB

	Candidates:
		Elaine Chao, nominated by Richard Dunn
		  (accepted before leaving)
		Saar Picker, self-nominated
		Naim Busek, self-nominated
	
	All three were elected by a 4-0 vote.

The meeting was adjourned at 6:55 pm.

Many thanks to Alan Coopersmith, who took notes after Elaine had to leave.
