		 OCF General Meeting
		   October 21, 1998

Members present:
	Richard Dunn (dunnthat) (gm)
	Katrina Templeton (katster) (sm)
	Elaine Chao (chaos) (secretary)
	Naim Busek (naimstin)
	Luns Tee (tee)
	Mike Howard (mikeh)
	Andrew Afram (andrew)
	J. Csirik (csirik@math)
	Saar Picker (saarp)


The meeting was opened at 6:08 pm.

Agenda:
	I.   Welcome
	II.  Intro
	III.  Reports
		General Manager
		Site Manager
	IV. Old Business
	V.  New Business
		Tape Drive
		67A Barrows

III. Reports

	General Manager

	The General Manager said that most of his report was in New Business
	and decided to defer until then.

	Site Manager

	The Site Manager reports that the rotating DNS is currently working
	and that mudslide is up.  IP conversions have started in Eshleman.
	The third Ultra 5 is installed as armageddon.  Alan updated bind.
	The rest is covered in New Business and was deferred until then.

IV.  Old Business
	
	No old business to discuss.

V.  New Business
        
	Tape Drive

	Kat and Luns reported that the tape drive broke and is not fixable.
	They suggested that the OCF buy a new tape drive.  Saar mentioned
	that he was still working on obtaining the tape robot from IS&T.
	The general membership discussed approximate numbers for tape drives.
	Mike mentioned that if the OCF found a good price, the CSUA would
	be interested in the information.  Resolved by general consensus that
	more information would be gathered about current prices and that the
	issue would be discussed at the next week's Board of Directors meeting.

	67A Barrows

	Jack McCredie sent a mail to the GM saying that IS&T would like the 
	room back in the next two months.  After serious discussion and 
	deliberation, the general membership decided to ask McCredie and IS&T
	to help the OCF find alternative space.  The GM was asked to schedule 
	an in-person meeting with Jack McCredie.  
    
The meeting was closed at 7:04pm.
