		OCF Board of Directors Meeting
		   November 4, 1998

Board members present:
	Richard Dunn (dunnthat) (gm)
	Katrina Templeton (katster) (sm)
	Elaine Chao (chaos) (secretary)
	Naim Busek (naimstin)

Other members present:
	Jason Cohen (jasonbc)

The meeting was opened at 6:20 pm.
The Board did not reach quorum.

Agenda:
	I.   Welcome
	II.  Reports
		General Manager
		Site Manager
	III. Old Business
		Chess Server
	IV.  New Business

II. Reports

	General Manager

	The GM had nothing to report.  There was no change in status in the
	67A Barrows situation.

	Site Manager

	The SM had nothing to report.  Luns shut off the apocalypse relay 
	and switched over IPs.  The Apollos will be shut down next weekend.
	Kat asked what to tell Preston regarding the OCF's space status.

III.  Old Business
	
	Chess Server

	Jason brought in a copy of the chess server guidelines.  The file
	is available for perusal in ~jasonbc/cics.txt.  (Note: Spelling and
	capitalization corrected by the secretary.)

	Administrator Policy for the Cal Chess Server:
	Created 11/4/98

	The purpose of administrators for the Cal Chess Server will be to:
	1. facilitate a chess-friendly and Cal-friendly atmosphere,
	2. to help users with server related help,
	3. create up-to-date news items for which the Cal chess community can 
	   stay up to date,
	4. to work on designs for the webpage, to be implemented by the Head
	   Administrator,
	5. to work on designs for the actual hardcode, and its maintenance and
	   upgrading,
	6. to do any other work which will help to keep the server up and 
	   running,
	7. to advertise the chess server and the Chess Club to all people in 
	   the community, and
	8. to be active members of the server.

	Qualifications to become an administrator:
	1. patience - be able to resolve conflict, remain calm, handle many 
	   questions, ...
	2. commitment to the chess server, chess, and Cal in general
	3. see online documentation for all other qualifications
	4. be a Cal student, with the two following exceptions:
	  a. a programmer for the server may become an admin, if limited to
	     one person with significant C programming experience,
	  b. a representative from the Free Internet Chess Server.  They gave
	     me this mandate in exchange for the code.  I choose this rep.
	
	Admin Selection:
	1.  THE SERVER not needing many admins will not have many admins.  No
	    more than 1 admin per 7 registered players, or 6 admins, whichever 
	    is greater.
	2.  all admins will be given the level of "15" as prescribed on the 
	    server.  There are two exceptions.  General admin service accounts,
	    level 10, and Head admin rep/Head admin.
	3.  the Head admin will have a level of 100, which is a requirement.
	4.  non playing admin accounts shall all have a level of 10.
	5.  to be selected as an admin, after submitting an application, to
	    the head admin
	    a. the head admin rejects the application
	    b. the head admin passes the application onto the rest of the admin
	       body, where it comes before a vote.  A simple majority is 
	       needd.
	6.  if the server grows greatly in size, then a new ration, or a 
	    permanent assistant superuser could be created.  Either requires
	    80% admin vote.
	7.  All admins are to be accountable to the head admin, or to any 
	    assistant super.
	8.  All admins are to not abuse their powers or privileges.
	9.  Only the head ad min will have access to the calchess@ocf account.
	10. each admin may have one, non-admin account, for playing rated
	    games with.
	11. the head admin may have one level 15 account, for playing games
	    with.
	12. The head admin shall remain head admin until such time that he 
	    either:
	    a. steps down
	    b. is voted on by (consensus - 1) of the admins to leave AND the 
	             person who will take the position and account is found
	    c. said constitution isa dmended, by consensus of the admins
	    d. the head admin graduates.
	13. A temp "Assistant SU" may be added if the HA is away on vacation
	    for an extended period of time.
	14. one OCF staff(*) person shall be an admin.

	Current Head Admin: Jason Cohen

	No BoD action was taken.
	
IV.  New Business
	
        General Meeting

	The BoD decided to hold the next General Meeting on 17 November.

The meeting was closed at 6:40pm.

