Attendance:
Andy
Kevin
Sherry
Ahir
simplyhd
Sanjay
Jordan
Alan
Aaron (left sometime in the middle, which accounts for the discrepancy in the number of votes)
Tao
Han
Patrick

Sanjay: We need to see if we are not opposed to Harvey continuing to be the staff advisor.
Votes: Unanimously not opposed to Brian Harvey as staff advisor.


Sanjay: We’re going to elect Site Manager (tech person at the OCF, manages the lab, the server room, makes sure everything is running) and General Manager (makes sure everyone’s on task, deals with funding, and the ASUC). We’re electing Site Manager first.
Felix nominates Sherry, declined.
Sanjay nominated by Han.
Sanjay nominated Felix, Sanjay offers to be co-site managers.
simplyhd: Sanjay can be core site manager and another person can be part site manager.
Sanjay: I have rebuilt the system and can guide you through the new lab. It is a fair amount of responsibility, but we have a lot of root staff now (compared to before). It shouldn’t be as bad of a job as it could be.
Alan: It only takes as few as 1-2 hours a week. Do note that if you want to get something out of it, you have to invest your time. You have to take an active role, that’s where experience come from.

Felix and Sanjay are now joint ticket for SM.
Jordan nominated by Felix, Jordan declines.
Ahir: What does it entail generally?
Sanjay: SM’s first priority is keeping machines running. You fix machines that are broken or you can choose not to fix the machines. You set high-level technical priorities. You can delegate tasks. You also have a quasi-administrative jobs. You have to create accounts. You have to deal with requests from student groups for domain names. Administrative stuff takes about 2 hours a week. The other stuff varies. You can make it anything you want it to be. You can also say how you want the site to be.
simplyhd: If you want to code with Sanjay, you will not be doing all the work by yourself.
Sanjay: I can coach you through it and you can have all of the title.
Ahir: What I wanted to do is…a lot of student groups don’t know how to get domains and they have no idea how to set up a site. I wanted to maybe if they have an account created that they have Wordpress already installed.
Sanjay: We have to go to a vote. I am the incumbent.
Felix: Since this will be a co-position, I accept this.
Votes: 8 votes in favor. 1 against. 2 abstain.
Sanjay and Felix are the new co-site managers.


Sanjay: Now it’s time for general manager elections. GM is the administrative head – boss of the OCF. Every week you give an update to BoD. You tell the members what’s  going on and you deal with big issues like funding.
Jordan: There are also administrative things that need to be done like requesting space for labs.
Sanjay: And also purchase orders.
Sanjay nominates Sherry, who accepts.
Han nominates simplyhd, who accepts.
Sanjay revokes original nomination and nominates the joint ticket simplyhd
 and Sherry.
Votes: 9 votes in favor. 2 abstain.
simplyhd and Sherry are the new co-general managers.


Sanjay: I guess it’s time for Bod, which is the Board of Directors Meeting. It’s like the board of directors of a company. It oversees the GMs and makes decisions that the GM or SM cannot make on their own. These decisions will generally not be technical. We will make sure to explain all sides of the debate first. Until we figure out otherwise, BoD will be at this time each week. You will be on BoD as long as you show up every other week. If you miss two weeks, then you’re off BoD. If you do join BoD, please stay on BoD. BoD will take place here. We’re trying to make it accessible. You don’t have to be on BoD to be on staff and you don’t need to be staff to be on BoD. We'll talk about what broke, what we need to buy. We will email talking points and make them shorter than before. You don’t have to be a part of bod to attend bod meetings. It’s an open forum but be respectful of everyone.
Alan: If you can’t make it, don’t join BoD. You can attend BoD every so often.
Sanjay: We will send talking points out. I will try to continue sending weekly/bi-weekly things.  We should be in at 7:10 and out by 8. 
Members added to BoD: Ahir, Kevin, Andy, and Han.


Sanjay: We have another position: PIMP. It’s a potition that keeps everyone informed of when pages, ink, supplies are low. You’ll be managing quotas and disputes. Most of these issues are resolved in the lab and al root staff can deal with that. You will sort of weigh in on it. You get perks for this. There is very little time required. Anyone?
Taois the new PIMP.

Han is the new secretary.

Sanjay: Does someone want to be in charge of publicity?
Ahir would like to be in charge of publicity.

simplyhd: If anyone needs an account, they can see me at 2 PM on Friday.
Sherry: I will be there at 9:30 AM.


Motion to adjourn meeting by Sherry. Seconded by Alan.
Unanimously in favor.
