In Attendance:
*sanjayk
*sherryg
*waf
*simplyhd
*hanwei
*ydnawel
*kfang
jordan
daradib
kwinterl
+3 guests!

Meeting Begins 7:23

GM Agenda:
- Banquet
Sherry: Reservations on Saturday Dec 4th at 7pm for 12 people at La Note
I will send out a reminder email with details as the date draws closer
simplyhd If an emergency comes up and you can't make it, please let us know

- Contracts
simplyhd: We're out of the university so we do have access to discounts on software and hardware
based on contracts made with the State of California. Be aware of that.

- E-waste Assignment
Sherry: The free stuff in the lounge is gonna be taken by E-waste Nov 30th 6-8pm.
We need to be there to make sure they're taking the right things. If you have anything you want, please take it now.

- UNIX Machines
simplyhd: This also goes back to contracts, we're forced to buy them under the State of California contracts
We have to buy industrial grade ($1600) machines
The printer is fine but they're forcing us to buy the more expensive machine

SM Agenda:
- Supernova
Sanjay: Please use absolute paths when writing shell scripts
waf: chmod-ed something 777 then recursively chmod-ed 755, which isn't the right permissions
so a bunch of stuff like PAM modules broke
Nothing irreversible happened, we restored from backups and almost everything is working again.
For future reference, everything is backed up, so if you break something, don't panic, just ask us
and we'll see if we can restore from backups.

Jordan and Sanjay will set up backups for blackhole.

- LDAP/Kerberos integration
We're gonna start organizing security better
Compartmentalize say, approve from changing passwords
We need to stop just handing out passwords for stuff
Our LDAP servers have been very reliable, there's replication
Jaws is built and fully functional
blizzard is gonna host the new StaffWiki
we're phasing out flood and cataclysm
We're working on MediaWiki (still need to install MySQL)

Karl: We should use HTTPS for all of the wiki

- CNAMEs
Felix: the policy with CNAMEs with the school is that only under extreme circumstances
can you use CNAMEs to point outside the school
Mike was saying IST is nice enough to us that we should be able to change our CNAME
Han: We can do some kind of redirect to the OCF blog when stuff is down (like via CSUA servers)

GM Agenda:
- Groups/Projects
Project groups:
Sanjay: We've had problems with people stepping on each other's toes
so we're trying to compartmentalize into project groups

- OS/Networking/Updates
We need someone to figure out what to update and how we're gonna
do our renetworking

- Linux Team
Keeping all our Debian machines up-to-date
answering questions about shells and profiles
and dealing with printing
since Windows printing drives are really good
most of printing is dealing with integrating with lpq etc

- Web Database (MySQL)
Making sure all modules are installed
Restart Apache when necessary

- Programming
The OCF has a lot of code and patches
we need a strong programmer to head that

- Mail
Jordan built a nice new mail server
Jordan has been keeping mail running for the past few semesters
The old system was set up very long ago and is going to be replaced
with a much simpler system on a single machine
We also need someone else to be a postmaster

Project groups (non-technical)
- PR / Media
simplyhd: Try to come up with PR ideas
Flyers and stuff
Karl: If someone has web design skills I could use some help
updating the website

- Events & Recruitment
This is focused on recruiting new members, technical and non-technical
Joint events with the CSUA and the like

- Information & Resource Management
simplyhd: Managing printer supplies, toner, paper
I'm trying to enroll us as a medium-sized computer lab with software companies
in programs that get us like, Beta programs

Motion to adjourn:
seconded
Unanimous
7:56pm
