Attendance:
Sanjay*
Karl*
Felix*
Andy*
Sherry*

Han*
Kevin*
* = on BoD

Meeting starts 7:14
Overview of Lower Sproul Meeting and Security Meeting with Pubs.

Lockdown on Linux monitors - need to do that ASAP.

Andy going this next Thursday from 12-2 to shadow.

Contact Han about setting up LAN party with CSUA.

SM Agenda:
Sanjay: Nothing's broken. I fixed the router and people can't connect their laptops to the wall. We should move the imac that displays printing info and staff hours because it is awkwardly placed.
Felix: So we're going to eventually have 3 printers and the imac there.

Donation
Sanjay: We got a bunch of servers and hardware from GA. We might need to get more memory to make it work though.

Blum Center
Sanjay: I don't think jkit checks his email. I might be able to contact him through Facebook. I think we should root it. 
Felix: So you're saying that we want to hack it.
Sanjay: The whole pint of mudslide was that it's FreeBSD when we were using Solaris. But now we're not using Solaris. We have physical access to the server but not electronic access.

Han enters.
Felix: Why have them on separate servers in the first place?
Sanjay: I don't know. I didn't know what contest.berkeley.edu was about. ASUC has a server on our thing. It's called madcow. I think we should migrate that to an OCF account eventually.
Felix: We also have a gaming server right?
Sanjay: I took it off.

Kevin enters.
Han: Did we find a recent exploit?
Sanjay: We can change the password somehow.

Survey
Sanjay: PUBS Rove, Amanda, came down to design a survey and we came up with a bunch of questions, some technical and some not.simplyhd has taken responsibility for this and wants us to come up with questions to send it to them. By the way, we owe PUBS 6 reams of paper.
Karl: I'm looking into grading website to a CMS or web application.
Sanjay: Do we have Ruby on new servers?
Han: I think we have IRB?
Sanjay: Can you use jango instead? It's pretty good and I know it pretty well. We have the mysql server.
Felix: Are we migrating pkusers to somewhere?
Sanjay: We need to phase apocalypse out. We can update from 1.8 to 1.9. With death, I avoid updating outside... There might be a compatability issue.
Karl: I think 1.9 is backwards incompatible.

Meeting adjourned at 7:44 PM.
