In attendance:
simplyhd*
kwinterl*
sherryg*
waf*
kfang*
ydnawel*
hanwei*
Jamin Wong
*= on BoD


Meeting Begins 7:15 PM:
Karl: I'm doing Sanjay's SM agenda:
Sanjay can't make it because he has labs.
He's been working on...


GM Agenda:
Sherry: PUBS wants us to send out a survey so we can see how users use the lab and how we can improve it.
Anyone have suggestions for questions? Email us.
Felix: Is this like electronic or paper?
simplyhd: Both


Sherry: Next, staffwiki. Who has access? (Everyone but Jamin.)
Han: I've updated the "Approve Procedure" page, Sanjay Jordan have updated a few technical pages, but most everything's out of date.
Karl: I've been updating a few pages here and there.


SM Agenda:
Karl: Sanjay's been installing kernel patches to conquest to improve security.
Felix: reg is now aliased to check_registration, signat is aliased to check_signatory
"Account tools" on the website works again.
Karl: You can only login to Staff Wiki with non-secure HTTP, so use a different password from any of your others.
Felix: There's a new StaffWiki page called 'Experimental stuff'. If you try any experiments, put it on 'Experimental stuff' so we can know what you're doing in case it breaks anything and if it works, so we can use it.
Also, when root staff change important files like httpd.conf, please commit into version control.
Han: use disgression with names
Felix: check_username and checkacct -u only checks a very limited database, so make sure that users opening up new accounts don't have a username that could be an alias that we have like paper, admin, root, etc...


Sherry: The Berkeley Project is going to be Nov. 6, the OCF is going as a group (group name: Open Computing Facility).
Email Sherry to sign up.


Motion to adjourn: Seconded
Meeting Ends at 8:00 PM
