In attendance:
*kfang
*ydnawel
*waf
*hanwei

Meeting begins 7:24
GM Agenda:
simplyhd:
- Clean-up Day
It was alright except we didn't move everything from the Pubs area
- Berkeley Project
It's tomorrow morning, Sherry will email everyone tonight.
- Banquet
Remember to respond to Sherry's email about the choices we have.
Probably at the end of Nov/beginning of Dec (the week before RRR).
If you have any scheduling conflicts, email me or Sherry.
- OCF+Pubs+ROVE event
We're gonna do some kind of event with the other Pubs people who we kind of work with. Still working on it.

SM Agenda:
Printing:
We're sort of debugging the printing system.
The current problem: NOT just PDF, but any file type, if you put like 6 per page in the Printer Options (rather than in Word or PowerPoint or Adobe Reader) PyKota will count as 6 pages.
If anyone with coding chops want to volunteer to help us fix it.

Motion to Adjourn:
Seconded

Meeting adjourns 7:31
