bod 2002 11-21

Attendance

bod?	login
y	wyc
y	aoshi
y	adrian
y	akopps
n	dylin
y	cpfeyh
y	ogle
y	remlluf
y	smacian
y	dwc
y	ewhatt
y	jones
n	ajani
y	lululin

GM report

purchase orders for tape drive dropped off


SM report

akop: one of the disks died (whirlwind), down
	tape drives

derek: nero, will get test, need to finish

PMP report:
what circumstances to say no....
	already been granted increased
	should have budgeted, logged out, etc.
charge for add'l printing? talk to lavonia, asuc, evans, bill campus, paypal
	wyc, benefits not worth trouble
	trading reams of paper? vs. ink, wear and tear on printer
	devin: have to go use campus labs afterwards... suboptimal because of
	fullmer: unrestrict printing because not all use users use... but we kind of take taht into account already.
	akop: should find a way to get them to pay campus services.

	for people over 2nd quota... if people really want more, they should just go somewhere else

####### (also need to get lock for printer trays)######

	fullmer: if increase all, but we're still under expected usage for year, then will still be fine.
	bem: was based on statistics of some sort.

	randy: what bout the buy who went over by 250... do we let him nto print next semester?  (ignore)

old business:

	dsafaria - alumni accounts
		smcc (via akop) - campus is&t computer use policy, dont' mention anything about alumni accounts, only conflict is in "email policy" which will be superseded at some point.  requires shutdown of email accounts.
		devin: Primarily being used by non-alumni, as long as can show
		akop: smcc says there might be some loopholes, should change user account policy to reflect current practices
		cpfeyh: what about csua?
		ajani: that's basically underground, like most things in the csua
		cpfeyh: talked to brian harvey, he said that basically if the csua does it, it must be okay
		ajani: csua not a good place to look for well-defined policies... and they're on eecs net, not CNS.
		devin: will email him again, and take the action suggested by
smcc of disabling

	vhosts, devin is still workign on


new business
	fullmer - firewalling ASUC network, including irc, locking the domain down, put us in front of the firewall. but since we've been good =) in the last few years, we don't have to be behind the firewall
	akop: we have a lot that uses dynamic ports, we also have machines on both sides of the net.


bod elections
	none

motion to close (dwc) second (lululin)
