Bod april 10, 2003

came to order 17:25


GM report
SM report
old/new biz
buy stuff, return stuff
elections drivel


gm report
cpfeyh: i watched the elections break down.
jeff and I finished/submitted budget

tape drive, went back to company

jeffe: blinds?
blinds are on order - roughly 2 weeks

looked up prices of hardware.  cover later


SM report:
aoshi - kind of working on gaim-0.60  "I like pretty things"
xpde - has to be patched, needs to be

ilamp - ready to be moved out as soon as it's locked down

can move out (dwc and akop have keys)


switch: goign to lock down the switch
support laptop users?
wireless yet. wired - after switch locked down


tape drive:
getting new tape drive still? see waht akop wants
not buying from same reason


Elections:

don't need hardware or monitors anymore

1 ip address from CNS at each location
have been verified and behind the IP is a linksys router that uses internal IPs to all laptops
the idea is that at 7am is the big push
4:00pm is transition push to pack things up and put them back

what to give back?
title
$10/hr
if start at 7, paid til noon

2-3 people "runners" throughout the day check for problems



onto new computers.....


cheapo dell
1.8 ghz celeron 2ghz is +$20
128mb ddr-ram
60 gb hd
cd-rom floppy
349 (after $50 rebate)
399 (w/256 RAM)

better
2.0 ghz, p4
128 mb ram
60gb hd
cd-rom floppy
$429 after $50 rebate

15" crt $80
17" crt $100
15" fp $279
17" fp $450


motion: ogle - to buy 13 machines at a price of no more than $10,000 dollars
        seconded by mlich
	8 yay, 0 nay
	dwc abstains

motion to close: ogle, seconded by mlich

meeting closed: 20:04pm

attendance:
name	login		Bod		Are you Stupid?
patrick	cpfeyh		Y
Jeff	jeffe		Y		@*&#%)(@*%
adrian	adrian		N
soc	smacian		Y		!
Brett	bac		Y
Randy	aoshi		Y		Only in the way most divine
Maryam	marymav		Y		=)
Yeh	yehfang		N		No comment.
Shen	shenliu		N		only if you are
Bil	ensign		Y		Comparison go a long way
Kui	mlich		Y		In a smart kinda way.
Y	no		glen		ogle
Joanne	joanne		N
Derek	dwc		Y		--
