OCF General Meeting: 2/6/03

WYC: What is this?

This is the OCF first general meeting for the semester.  We are here
to elect new people for the following positions:

GM, SM, PIMP, DUMB, BOD, Secretary (Sexy) etc.

Explanation of the aforementioned position follows:
GM is the general manager etc, SM is the site manager and takes care
of the more technical aspects of the facility. The commitment for
both is a minimum of an hour a week (because both are automatically
part of BOD.)  PIMP is the paper manager , DUMB does the same thing
for disk management usage.  BOD is the board of directors that meets
once a week to make decisions etc.

SM and GM both give reports at BOD.

We also have a facility advisor.  In the past years it's always been
Professor Brian Harvey with the exception of one year.  That was the
year before my time and the person that was elected died in an
airplane crash.

<people> We should elect people we don't like then, unless it's
Harvey.  He seems rather robust though.

WYC: The faculty advisor needs to be staff or a student to be elected
(general user also required.)

Lululin: is the voting everyone, users or BOD?

WYC: Well it's a general meeting and there isn't really a BOD right
now, so I guess users.

SM Business:
-----------------

Akopps:
About the new tape deck: Been trying to contact the guy that sold it
to us but he doesn't work there anymore.  We have the tape deck but
no tapes, bar one.

Dwc: our network has been upgraded to 100.  As of tonight we have
gigabit Ethernet to router from the switch in Eshleman.  Barrows is
still at 10.

Rogue dchp server? Somehow whenever we are using the ilamp someone
complains that we are running a dhcp server?

Akopps:
Sun servers were purchased: this is okay, nothing to resolve here.

Dwc: props to Patrick for getting paper.  Went to Xerox and got a lot of paper.
Bigbang still sitting around (like normally).  Now it's just sitting
around without net doing nothing.

Nominations and voting commences:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Nomination (ajani): Brian Harvey
Second (lululin)
Nomination (ogle): Vendetta
Second: none.

Brian: All yeas, no neas (except as a joke)

Conclusion: Brian Harvey remains the faculty advisor.

GM:
Nomination (kenao): cpfeyh/jeffe (as joint gm)
Second: ajani?
Other nominations: aoshi, vendetta, !kenao, ewhatt (decline), wyc (decline)
Nominees leave rm.

Cpfeyh/jeffe: 15
Aoshi: 7
Vendetta: 2
!Kenao:1


SM:
Nominations: Akopps/dwc, aoshi/dwc, akopps/aoshi, aoshi ,
(dwc(declines by self)
Akopps/dwc (joint): 10
Aoshi/dwc: 8
Aoshi: 4

Majority or plurality vote?
WYC: majority vote (not simple majority for one)

Run off:
Akopps/dwc: 9
Aoshi/dwc:10 (by 1, with ajani abstaining from vote).

GM cpfeyh/jeffe
SM  dwc/aoshi

PIMP: Since Callahan is absent, let's vote him in.
DUMB: akopps/jhs/ogle?:  ogle/akopps accept as joint
Ogle wants to be "dumbier."
Secretary: lululin (sexy@ocf.berkeley.edu): ogle is jealous (we could
make him sexier?).

BOD elections: (you will be dropped if you miss two consecutive ones):
Akoops, kenao, lululin, Adrian, bac, maryamv, fanus, smaccan, ogle.

<end elections>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Attendance:

Name (login), bod

Lulu (lululin), yes
Jennifer Ng (jdng), no
Darrell Tuttle (dtuttle), no
Adrian (Adrian), ?
Kevin Yeung (kevyeung), no
Corina Cristodore (corina), no
Michael Lees (aramike), no
Paula Balciunaite (balciun), no
Vanessa Tavares (blank), no
Maryam Vareth (maryamv), no
Pogosian, A (akopps), yes
Jacob (jhs), hell no
Jeff Emrich (jeffe), -
Charles Ensign (ensign), no
Patrick (cpfeyh), yes
Derek Chan (dwc), we don't have one
Emily Watt (ewhatt), yes, well I was
Randy (aoshi), yes
Soc (smaccian) yes
Hank Funk (fungus), yes
Galen Hancock (galen), no
Bem Jones-Bey (ajani), no
Wayne Chan (wyc), not sure
Brett Cannon (bac), <check mark>
Ken Ott (kenao), gomen
Glen Y. Kim (ogle), yes


