OCF Bod Meeting - 4 April 2001

BOD Members Present
Ajani       Bem Jones-Bey
Akopps      Akop Pogosian
Bac         Brett Cannon
Ceugene     Eugene Chan
Cpfeyh      C. Patrick Feyh
Drew	    Andrew Cheng
Gmg         Gabe Gonzalez
Ivan        Ivan Jen
Jeffe       Jeff Emrich
Smcc        Stephen McCamant
Suztang     Soodtida Tangpraphaphorn

Others Present

Eek         Eugene Kim
Kenao       Kenneth Ott

Meeting started at 18:28 PDT.  Minutes by Jeffe.

Kenao starts the meeting in the absence of Gmg.

SM Report Conquest was taken down to install a fast Ethernet card and SCSI
card.  It then developed problems seeing home directories, and thus the
drives were moved do Armageddon.  Users will only notice 24 hours of
downtime.  Mirroring and RAID are not set up.

The replacement Ultra 1 boards showed up from SUN.  Apocalypse and
Conquest now have new boards.  New hardware: Two 18GB and two 9GB SCSI
disks were purchased.

GM Report New Air Conditioning unit has materialized in MLK building ops.  
Installation requires new electrical outlets.  The budget is moving along
as well.

Old Biz Phone will be installed when the A/C is installed.  New lab chairs
are on the way because our current chairs have a "defect."

New Biz Printer is causing problems and it may need to be repaired.  Next
year's budget includes a new printer.  Akopps expresses concern over the
cost of having the printer serviced and suggests taking it to campus
repair.  This problem is differed to the PIMPs.

A few days ago, a user suggested that we have the BOD meetings in MLK.  
Drew motions to have a meeting in MLK. Drifty seconds.  Everyone votes no.

Sound Problems The front desk of Heller Lounge is complaining that the lab
is too loud.  The BOD does not seem thrilled about doing anything about
this.  Once A/C is installed, we should be able to keep the windows closed
and that will reduce the noise.

Alarm Problem The powers that be want us to buy and install an alarm panel
near the OCF entrance.  It looks like we will have to pay for this but the
BOD decided to deal with this later.

Aborted Jobs Fair Ivan agrees to take the heat for this.  He says the
senate always yells at him anyway, so he will explain why we didn't have a
jobs fair.  Reasons include: economic turndown and lazy OCF staff.

How to Avoid Getting a Campaign Flyer When a Senate wannabe offers you a
flyer on Sproul, ask for an OCF kickback.  What will they do for the OCF?  
Give us more money?  That shuts them up quick.

PIMP Report The quota warning system is working well.  The users who have
been warned have cut back on printing abuse.  Calman gave extra printing
quota to the cute girls.

Drew motions to close the meeting.  Drifty seconds.  Meeting closed at
18:58 PDT.
