Minutes January 31, 2001 
OCF-Open Computing Facility

Agenda
	1. Approve faculty sponsor(s)
	2. General Manager(s) nominees - gmg, (dsrogers withdrew)
	3. Site Manager(s) nominees - smcc+akopps, eek, calman
	4. Board of Directors nominees - cpfeyh, jones, suztang, jeffe, 
	ceugene, calman, ajani, mchen, mgoodman, stephhou, wyc, dsrogers, 
	drew, ivan, bac
	5. System Administration De-CAL
	6. Operations (disk and printing)
	7. Air Conditioning
	8. Career Fair


I.  Elected Officials:
	1. Faculty Sponsor - Brian Harvey
	2. General Managers - unanimous for gmg
	3. Site Managers - smcc+akopp elected
	4. Board of Directors - all nominees elected

II. System Admin. De-Cal
	The class is tentatively scheduled to start on February 9, 2001, 
	Fri.  The time is yet to be announced but the considerations are 
	1-2pm, 2-3pm, or later in the evening.

III. Voting-Secretary
	jeffe, the only nominee was elected

IV. Other News
	Disk Czar (Disk Usage Management Board) {D.U.M.B} 
	Printing Czar (Printing Inventory Management Panel) {P.I.M.P.}

V. Voting - D.U.M.B.
	eek, dsrogers, ceugene elected to the DUMB

VI. Voting - P.I.M.P.
	calman, wyc - nominees
		calman - 3 abst.
		wyc - 4 abst.
			calman and wyc elected to PIMP

VII. Voting-to keep the name "P.I.M.P"
	Yes (11,) no (6,) abst. (0)

VIII. Chief Bureaucrat
	The only nominee, eek, was elected to the position

IX. Air Conditioning-
	A report was given by cpfeyh that $5000 is an option for a 
	portable, however, estimates from Building Operations-A.S.U.C. 
	Auxiliary were rounded to $20,000-$30,000 for optimal spending and 
	"cool" air flow.  Among other ideas for raising the money, the 
	fact we use Sun Microsystems, we should consult their aid.

X. Career Fair
	Paulley Ballroom reserved for March 20 - logistics were tabled.
