OCF Bod Meeting - 21 March 2001

BOD Members Present
Ajani       Bem Jones-Bey
Akopps      Akop Pogosian
Bac         Brett Cannon
Ceugene     Eugene Chan
Cpfeyh      C. Patrick Feyh
Drew  Andrew Cheng
Gmg         Gabe Gonzalez
Ivan        Ivan Jen
Jeffe       Jeff Emrich
Smcc        Stephen McCamant
Suztang     Soodtida Tangpraphaphorn

Others Present

Eek         Eugene Kim

Meeting started at 18:12 PST.  Minutes by Jeffe.

SM Report
Smcc reports that Drought is dead.  Backups are on Mudslide and Armageddon.
The lab is closed over Spring Break, so we won't be able to access our
equipment.  Supernova, located in the Heller Machine Room, will be used to
mirror /opt/local.

Five or six people had their printing disabled due to being over quota.  But
the PIMPs are not here, so there's not much else to say about that.

Akopps notes Sun is going to send us replacement Ultra 1 boards to solve the
problem of our machines frying for no reason.  There was a problem with the
CPU fans, but since they don't have extra fans, they are just going to send
us new boards.

ASUC Budget
Gmg passed around a budget that was also e-mail out a few days ago.  It asks
for $33,000.  The Board approved the new budget.

General Meeting?
A general meeting is planned for the week AFTER the week we get back from
Spring Break.

New Business

Moving Cool - Air Conditioning
A portable air conditioning unit has been purchased for ~$4,000.  Once the
unit arrives, we will have to figure out how to vent it.  In order to have
it vent outside, it will require approval from the aesthetics comm.
Multiple jokes are made about venting into Heller Lounge or directly on to
the users.  We also have to find a place to plug it in, since it requires
208 V, but our lab has nothing but 120 V plugs.

What a Bunch of Stupid Fuckers! - Suztang
Suztang notes that MLK looks ugly, so why would have to worry about
aesthetics?  This digresses until Wurster is mentioned, which everyone
agrees is the ugliest building on campus.

Tom Baker Needs a Key
If Tom Baker, the building ops guy, had just installed a lock on the door
when we told him, he wouldn't have to ask for a key, now would he?

Redundant Systems for CNS
CNS requires that we have a backup router before they will install
networking.  Akopps says that this will be taken care of.

LBNL Physics Convention
There is going to be a physics convention this summer and they would like to
rent the OCF lab for email access.  The BOD decides to let the Convention
rent the lab, but at a fee to be decided later.

Rebuilding Newbie
Some users are having trouble using Newbie, the easy user interface created
by Eek.  They are used to resizing windows in a Windows and MacOS
environment and crack when faced with the TWIM environment.  It will be
moved to Blackbox.

Bem motions to close the meeting.  Seconded by Drew.  Meeting closed at
18:52.


