Hey guys,

Minutes for "Pi Day BoD" - fresh off the press! Come and get it! =D

~GCW

PS. A list of the amendments will be uploaded with the minutes.

[See the link from the main minutes page for the constitutional amendment.
A draft of the proposed bylaw revisions is at the end of the minutes; a
current copy is in ~sluo/bylaws.txt.]

-------------------------------

"Pi Day Eve" BoD
March 13, 2008

Present:
*akit - Angel Kittiyachavalit
*alanw - Alan Wong
cardi - Calvin Ardi
*gcwong - Genevieve Wong
*geo - George Wu
*gfs - Gregory Shuflin (Site Manager)
*gordeon - Gordon Mei (General Manager and chair)
*jchu - Jonathan Chu
*kevintra - Kevin Tran
*kwinterl - Karl Winterling
*sluo - Steven Luo

*: member of BoD

Quorum met

BoD starts: 7:27 PM

GM Agenda:
* Budget Primary: $7693.33
* Budget Miscellaneous: $3743.82

* BMUN: check coming tomorrow; need a staffer at any point to cover these
times:
- Fri 3/14: 7pm-10:30pm
- Sat 3/15: 9am-5:30pm
- Sun 3/16: 9am-12pm

* Met with Helen Norris, director in IST (Information Services &
Technology), the central IT organization on campus
- she wanted to discuss migrating some of their socrates users to the OCF
side when it shuts down (approximately 200-400 users, ballpark)
- willing to help out with services, possibly donate equipment
(workstation/server related things)
- DNS control, point socrates addresses to OCF
- she can extend influence in software licenses
- she will be sending e-mail soon, gordon will forward to staff

* ASUC EVP authorized expenditures of the following amounts for the
specified purposes:
- $3000 for racks: does not have to come out of Fullmer's budget
- $1600 for copies of CS3
--- including one copy for room 18 and one copy for room 10D
--- may be pricing mistake, sluo: sle said can only place 1 order/yr
through techsoup
--- sluo: will have to look into techsoup more, can call Adobe if needed?
- $1760 for 20" monitors
- $1074 for computer centers
- $3056 for computer tables
- sluo: talk to Fullmer about air conditioning
- printer replacement, maybe? (not that it will help)
--- sluo: printing depends on Samba, which depends on LDAP
    => must get working first, but require deep infrastructure work -
alanw is working on approve
    - geo has already written a few scripts

* General Meeting (sluo)
- next week: need UCB students (ie. dmchan doesn't count)
- vote on bylaws, constitutional amendments
- last constitutional debate was when wjm was sm
--- "member" is not clearly defined, neither is "active membership" ---
sluo: big change is that if UCB student/faculty/staff attends Gen Mtg =>
active member
--- alanw: maybe if we require them to come to 2 consecutive meetings? -

=== Motion SP-08-005 ===
sluo: motion to present the constitutional amendments (sluo has list) at
next week's Gen Mtg, seconded:
--- approve: 10
--- opposed & abstain: 0
========================

- "scheduled meetings" => "regular scheduled meetings"
- consistent medium for BoD votes (ie. e-mail, IRC) - but only if all BoD
members are available through it
- the 72-hr time limit - jchu: what if mail got stopped? - good point,
will discuss
- "12 midnight" is ambiguous => 12:01 am is more defined
- do we want BoD to be able to amend these bylaws? or GM and SM?
--- gfs: i'd say BoD yes, GM/SM no.

=== Motion SP-08-R0313-01 ===
* motion to add cardi to BoD (sluo), seconded
- approved: 10
- opposed & abstain: 0
=============================

* kwinterl wants BSD, says it's more stable than debian
- jchu: don't we already have 1?
- sluo: we have two (lightning, wildfire) BSD boxes in special-purpose
applications
- sluo: we have 3 general-purpose OS/arch combos already, and that many is
a pain, so quite opposed to adding more
- solaris is deeply integrated, runs best on Sparc, so hard to migrate off
- also, Sun has donated $50-60k in hardware, should probably use their OS

* Shirts
- alanw: how does the whole process work?
- jchu: gordeon designed it, then we eventually bought them
- sluo: we should probably get a new design though, last shirt front
wasn't very well received.
- gordeon: we're always open for a design
- kevintra: we should have a competition
- gordeon: we had one a couple years ago, but we just ended up doing it
in-house

=== Motion SP-08-R0313-02 ===
jchu: motion to end, seconded
- approved: 10
=============================

end of BoD: 8:15 PM

Proposed bylaws:

The Bylaws are amended to read as follows:

- ------
1. The General Manager and the Site Managers cannot appoint directors
except when the OCF is not formally in session and the Board of
Directors cannot achieve quorum because there are fewer than five
directors in town.

2. The OCF Board of Directors shall meet at least once every two weeks
while the OCF is formally in session.

3. Any Director appointed to the Board by the Decision Making Process
missing two consecutive regularly scheduled Board meetings will be
removed from the Board, regardless of whether the meetings achieve
quorum.

4. OCF Board meetings must be announced to all Directors at least
twenty-four hours in advance.

5. Resolutions by the Board of Directors can be put to a vote
electronically via any medium which satisfies all of the following
criteria:
	
	* the medium is defined by open standards;
	* all Board members can be contacted via the medium;
	* all Board members can submit votes via the medium;
	* the results of the vote can be electronically archived for
	  future access.

When putting a resolution to the Board in this manner, all Board members
must be included in the request for votes.  Votes must be submitted via
the same medium by which the request for votes is sent.

To pass a resolution this way, a majority of all the Board members must
agree. If the motion fails to achieve a majority within seventy-two
hours of being called to such a vote, the motion fails.  The results of
the vote will be posted in roll call form.

6. Attendance lists and minutes for all OCF meetings shall be maintained
for the decisions of that meeting to be valid.

7. A Board appointment takes effect at 12:01 AM of the day after the
conclusion of the meeting at which the election took place, unless the
appointment occurred at an Elections Meeting.

8. The Board may amend these bylaws in any manner consistent with the
constitution and the bylaws promulgated by the membership.  Levels of
the Decision Making Process subordinate to the Board may not amend these
bylaws.

9. Whenever these bylaws are amended, an annotation of the date of
amendment shall be added to the beginning of this document.  The date of
amendment and the amending authority shall be noted immediately
following the amendment.
- ------
