Hey peoples,

Minutes for the sort-of-April-Fool's-Day BoD. Enjoy!

~GCW

---------------------------------

April 3, 2008
BoD April Fool's (sort of... more like Sizdah Be Dar)

Present:
abhi - Kesava Yerra
*akit - Angel Kittiyachavalit
*alanw - Alan Wong
*cardi - Calvin Ardi
*gcwong - Genevieve Wong
*geo - George Wu
*gordeon - Gordon Mei (General Manager and chair)
*griffin - Griffin Foster
*jchu - Jonathan Chu
*kevintra - Kevin Tran
*kwinterl - Karl Winterling
mkendall - Mike Kendall
*sluo - Steven Luo
wln - Willis Lin

*: member of BoD

Quorum met

Meeting begins: 7:14PM

GM

*Budget:
Primary: $6727.65
Miscellaneous: $4042.09

*Cal Day
- Saturday April 12, 9am - 4pm
- Reserved (ASUC) Table 110, in between Superb and Student Advocates Office
- Need helpers for tabling
- Also an opportunity to don the penguin suit if you have not before

*ASUC elections
- Tuesday, April 8 - Thursday, April 11
- Will be setting up and taking down polling stations
- $4000 to OCF for helping
- Need staffers to help
- Perks: Hang out in Senate Chambers + ride golf carts
- Angel has sign-up sheet

*Accessibility at the OCF
- Karl Winterling (kwinterling) wanted to implement accessible work stations
- Screen readers, Braille i/o, wheelchair accessible lab stations
- Wants something more than just JAWS on Windows; thinks it is not reliable
- Possible at least one machine with GNOME 2.16 or better (Orca); 
copernicus already installed
- Uses emacs key bindings; thinks it is very convenient
- Discussion was going on via email threads
- Griffin does not like emacs; thinks we should not set up a station 
that uses purely emacs
- Might get funding from DSP, should talk to them
- New Eshleman lab has elevators and automatic doors on South Side
- Straw poll: request funding from ASUC or other UCB department?
--- Griffin: everybody will agree, but who will write the proposal?
--- Sluo: you need more concrete details than that
--- Gordeon: I'll work on writing something up

SM

*LDAP/Kerberos transition
- We haven't transitioned yet
- Why: a) we still lack some tools, most importantly "approve"
- Why: b) library conflicts, which sluo is working on
- Get new supernova?
- Tentative new date for implementing the transition is April 15th

Meeting adjourned 7:55 PM

