Hey peoples,

Here are the General Meeting minutes. I also recorded the audio of the
entire meeting, which will be made available a little later. I did this so
there will be no debate, I hope, of what exactly went on during the
meeting. If you think there are any errors in the minutes, just check it
against the audio and e-mail me. Thanks!

~GCW

---------------------------

General Meeting
03/20/2008

Present:
+*akit - Angel Kittiyachavalit
+*alanw - Alan Wong
aoaks - Aaron Oaks
+*cardi - Calvin Ardi
dmchan - David Chan
+*gcwong - Genevieve Wong
*geo - George Wu
+*gfs - Gregory Shuflin (Site Manager)
+*gordeon - Gordon Mei (General Manager and chair)
*griffin - Griffin Foster
+*jchu - Jonathan Chu
+*kwinterl - Karl Winterling
+mgasidlo - Michael Gasidlo
+mkendall - Mike Kendall
sahnn - Sue Ahnn
+*sle - Stephen Le
+*sluo - Steven Luo
+stevklaw - Steven Law

+: active member of the OCF
*: member of BoD

Meeting start 7:15 PM

GM

* Budget Primary: $7693.33 - [stuff bought for sle]
* Budget Miscellaneous: $3743.82
* MOU - Shuar Health Project will colocate their fileserver with the OCF,
and assist them in maintaining it
* PIMP - jchu stepped down -> aoaks volunteers -> gordeon appoints PIMP
squad: mkendall + mgasidlo
* IST - she could try to get OCF wireless printing

SM

* Kerberos + LDAP tools
- transition should be done gradually - sluo: no other way to do it
* Eshleman - power + net down 03/27/2008
- can't help it, perfect time to do patches, etc.
* PHP transition
- tomorrow; might get a lot of complaints

Constitution
- cannot vote b/c only 12 of 16 are active members
- 23 active members, so need 4 more.

Bylaws
- mkendall wants to change #1 to contrapositive instead (b/c it's retarded)
- sluo thinks it will be unclear, so unwilling to change it
- chaos ensues as mkendall starts writing the bylaw on blackboard w/ math
symbols
- sue leaves; aoaks goes to sleep
- revision #1) The GM & the SM's cannot appoint directors unless
a. OCF is not formally in session, &
b. BoD cannot achieve quorum because there are < 5 directors in town.
- debate on the definition of "in town."

- gordeon motions to vote on all individually, seconded by mkendall; but
not voted on.

Straw Polls:
- #1 revised bylaw vote - in favor: 12; opposed: 0; abstain: 0

- #2 revised bylaw vote - in favor: 12; opposed: 0; abstain: 0

- #3 revised bylaw vote - in favor: 12; opposed: 0; abstain: 0

- #4 revised bylaw vote - in favor: 10; opposed: 0; abstain: 2

- gordeon again motions to vote on all individually, seconded by gfs
- in favor: 9; opposed: 0; abstain: 3

- stevklaw leaves

- mkendall motions to accept previous straw polls as actual votes for each
amendment, seconded by kwinterl
--- in favor: 10; opposed: 0; abstain: 1

- #5 revised bylaw
- mkendall wants to change "open standard" to "email only"
- will discuss again later on in meeting

- #6 revised bylaw
- mkendall: what is the definition of valid
- should bod list count or not if minutes are lost? use previous bod list?
- gordeon: vote on using emergency General Meeting to revote people onto BoD
--- in favor: 10; opposed: 0; abstain: 1
- we lose minutes -> decisions are invalid, bod list will remain unchanged.
- debate continues loudly, gordeon suggests this means people are
resistant to changing the bylaw.

- akit comes in

- mkendall motion to pass #6 as printed on paper, seconded by 3 people
--- in favor: 3; opposed: 7; abstain: 3

- mkendall motion to keep #5 & #7 the same
--- in favor: 13; opposed: 0; abstain: 0

- motion to adjourn meeting, seconded by everybody
---  in favor: 13; opposed: 0; abstain: 0

Meeting ends 8:45 PM
