Present:

akit - Angel Kittiyachavalit
*alanw - Alan Wong
*geo - George Wu
*gfs - Gregory Shuflin (Site Manager)
*gordeon - Gordon Mei (General Manager and chair)
*griffin - Griffin Foster
*jchu - Jonathan Chu
jedimike - Michael Newton
*kevintra - Kevin Tran
kwinterl - Karl Winterling
sahnn - Sue Ahnn
*sle - Stephen Le
*sluo - Steven Luo

Quorum met

Taking minutes: sluo

Start time - 7:14 PM

[gfs leaves to get food]

jedimike Appeal to BoD

jedimike: Represents the Shuar Health Group, funded by Blum Center
          work for safe water and sanitation in Ecuador
          he handles media and communications
          they need a better way to manage files than random USB keys
          they need more than 400 MB, want 10-20 GB of space for storage
          would like something that works like WebFiles
          see mail sent to staff for details

akit: Is this a program that you do during two months in the summer?
jedimike: yes

griffin: I don't see any problems with doing this
sluo: technical challenges formidable
      would be difficult to do with shared hosting
      maybe they can provide a box [colocation]?
jedimike: what's that?
akit/griffin explain colocation
griffin: no idea what software would be needed or useful
sluo: do they need a web interface?
jedimike: no, just need some way to access files
sluo: ok, just set up a simple multiuser file server
griffin: is client software an issue?
jedimike: no, PuTTY or an FTP client can work anywhere

jedimike: is OCF required to do philanthropy?
sluo: no, we're a service already
kwinterl: something about hazing

akit: are you still taking applications for volunteers?
jedimike: yes

jedimike: so ... what do I need to do?
sluo: uh, don't know if we need a BoD decision
griffin: either (1) offer them a chunk of space or (2) colocate

kwinterl: would groupware software be useful or usable?
sluo: that's a possibility in colocation

griffin: make everyone in group get OCF account
         merge their storage somehow?
alanw: how would you get everyone an account?
discussion about sharing one group account
general conclusion that it wouldn't work
jedimike: I have concerns about what less savvy people would do in a
          one-account setting

griffin: ask ASUC IT to get you a box
kwinterl: talk to an ASUC senator?
akit: that won't be necessary
akit/griffin: talk to Fullmer

jedimike: I'm sure we can make that work

discussion of ASUC losing $40000 a few years back???

=== Motion SP-08-001 ===
Motion to allow Shuar Health Group to colocate their fileserver with
the OCF, and assist them in maintaining it.
Proposed by sluo, seconded by jchu

PASSES 8-0, 1 abstention
========================

[jedimike leaves]

gordeon: when are elections?
akit: I'll talk about that later


GM Agenda

gordeon: I had no time to check budget, but we have spending figures:
General fund spending this week: $183.79 for rush toner refill, more
(jchu: $500-800) for further toner orders
Miscellaneous fund spending: $200+ on food in last three weeks??!?!

gordeon: net2ftp is up, thanks sle
milki: looks cool!!!
alanw: what does it do?
gordeon explains net2ftp

[gfs reappears with food]

gordeon: I added a link to mibbit (AJAX IRC client) on the web IRC
clients page, it's not replacing the existing [Java-based] client
jchu: yes!!! looks cool!
bofjh: noo!!! we don't want users on IRC!?!?!

gordeon: Dreamhost approved our application for a nonprofit account,
         offers 500 GB for 10 years
         free domain name -- but what domain name should we use?
         theocf.org is domain-parked -- should we ask for it, or should
	 we pick another one?
jchu: where does the owner of theocf.org live?
[laughter]
gfs: pick another domain name
discussion on what name to use
names suggested: ocf-is-broken, ucb-ocf, etc.
gordeon: Let's have this discussion over staff mail, so check your
         email and reply!

gordeon: I emailed sm@ the password, should I have sent it in the clear?
sluo: no
milki: get PGP!!! OCF key-signing party!!!!

sle: we could use 2 500 GB HDD @ $120 each for the backup server, which
     is running out of space

=== Motion SP-08-002 ===
Motion to spend up to $300 to purchase two 500 GB HDD for the backup
server.
Proposed by sle, seconded by griffin

gfs: how much space is there on the backup server now?
sle: 1.5 TB
gordeon: can we use Dreamhost for this?
sle: no, they charge you now if you do that
discussion on what to do with Dreamhost space

PASSES 7-1, 1 abstention
========================

kwinterl: I'm not on BoD, right?
griffin: yeah, because you missed too many meetings, but you can rejoin
sluo: but don't if you plan on missing lots of meetings

[sahnn leaves]

sle: let's get remote management cards for coupdetat and pollution at
     about $100 each
akit: pollution?
sle: that's the backup server

=== Motion SP-08-003 ===
Motion to spend up to $250 to purchase remote management cards for
coupdetat and pollution.
Proposed by sle, seconded by geo

PASSES 7-1, 1 abstention
========================

sluo: we should give the SM a discretionary fund

=== Motion SP-08-004 ===
Motion to allocate $1000 to the site manager to spend at his discretion.
Propsed by sluo, seconded by griffin

PASSES 8-0, 1 abstention
========================

gordeon: stickers -- sle wanted to pass out stickers at meetings
sle: I'd pass them out at networking meetings to solicit donations
gordeon: let's try to get more professional stickers (i.e. ones that
         don't say "OCF ownz you")
gfs: wouldn't business cards be better?
griffin: yeah
sle: business cards look too professional, might deter donations
gordeon: defer this to next time, since we don't have any prices handy
kwinterl: make busines cards with emacs!
sluo : you can do anything in emacs
griffin: screw emacs!

gordeon: mgasidlo and I identified almost all of the owners of the USB
         drives in the lost and found
sle: gg
gordeon: no free USB drives for us!
geo: awww

akit: ASUC elections are Apr 7-10 (Tu-Th)
      need people Tu from 6:30 AM, WTh from 7 AM
alanw: what do we do for them?
akit: technical assistance
geo: rig elections!!!!!???!!?
griffin: it's easy work
akit: and you get to drive a golf cart!
griffin: and we get paid lots of money!
sle: which pays for our food
akit: so the more people the better!


SM Agenda

gfs: the LDAP transition is the only thing I wanted to bring up
sluo: it might be a little tight time-wise now, but I'm still aiming
      for a transition from NIS+ to LDAP and Kerberos during spring
      break
      right now, passwords are hashed using a (weak) one-way hash and
      stored in NIS+ -- when users try to log in, their passwords are
      hashed and compared against the stored hash
      Kerberos uses a completely different auth system, and to
      migrate people's accounts, we need the plaintext passwords
      Reversing the hash is not a practical option
      Two options: (1) automatically migrate people's passwords the
      first time they log in, or (2) rereg
      automatic password migration is easiest for users, but we can't
      enforce new, stronger password requirements
      rereg is a lot more hassle, but we could also ask users to fill
      out a survey in the process or something ...
discussion on whether rereg is a good idea
alanw: why would we do this to our users?
sluo: because we'd like them to have stronger passwords than currently
alanw: but users already have problems with the current requirements ...
sluo: those requirements are set by the campus Minimum Security
      Standards for Networked Devices
gfs: can we force users to select new password on first login?
sluo: that's probably technically possible
akit/griffin: do you have to come in to lab to rereg? if so, that's a
              problem for alumni and other people who aren't around
alanw: but if they're not actually around, they don't use their
       accounts, right?
everyone else: yes they do
gfs: ok, toss out the idea of physical rereg on those grounds then
griffin: but strictly, these people shouldn't have accounts ...
alanw: wait, what can they do with their accounts?
[answer: everything ordinary users can do]
gfs: that leaves us only with one option, right?
alanw: can we do both rereg and automatic password migration?
gfs: that's the worst of both worlds
kevintra: are the campus password strength requirements new?
sluo: no, they're not
kevintra: so why implement them now, if we haven't been in the past?
jchu: because they'd be within their rights to kick us off the campus
      net now for violating the policy

gfs: let's have a poll: online automatic password migration with
     mandatory password changes, or rereg?
sluo: we need to look into whether the mandatory password changes are
      possible
gfs: let's table, then?
griffin: no one seems to want rereg
gfs: let's table

griffin: with automatic password migration, what happens if they don't
         log in within the migration period?
sluo: we'll preserve the password hashes somewhere so they can do it
      later, but it'll be more of a hassle for them
gfs: 6 months is plenty of time for the transition, though
kwinterl: unless they're in North Korea!
everyone else: then they have other things to worry about!


Random Stuff

sle: BMUN?
gordeon: their representative was sick and missed a meeting with me
         today
         not much left to be worked out

=== Motion SP-08-R0306-01 ===
Motion to add akit and kwinterl to BoD.
Proposed by sluo, seconded by griffin

PASSES 7-0, 2 abstentions
=============================

=== Motion SP-08-R0306-02 ===
Motion to adjourn.
Proposed by griffin, seconded by sle

PASSES 7-0, 2 abstentions
=============================

Meeting adjourned 8:02 PM
