Hey peoples,

Happy Valentine's Day! <3
Thanks for watching the webcast, btw. =D
Also, I'm taking minutes because Gordon asked (guess I'm the new secy),
but they've been edited by sluo.

~gcw

--------

Present:
*alanw - Alan Wong
dmchan - David Chan
*gcwong - Genevieve Wong
*geo - George Wu
*gfs - Gregory Shuflin (Site Manager)
*gordeon - Gordon Mei (General Manager and chair)
*jchu - Jonathan Chu
*mgasidlo - Michael Gasidlo
*sluo - Steven Luo

*: member of BoD

Quorum not met

Start time - 7:20 pm

GM
budget - $8,545.95
misc fund - $12,720.19

BMUN
- sle wants them to help fund monitors + paper&toner
- sluo: if you're going to do that, specify an amount, not the specific
equipment
- dmchan: volunteered jchu for tech support, 2nded by geo + Gordon
- (?) in past, they haven't covered more than printing expenses?
- proposed amounts - jchu: $3200; geo: $2500
- settled amount to ask for is $2,400

Sle's motion
- wants to buy 2 HDDs on newegg for backup server
- no quorum so postponed until next time

Eshleman move
- need budget for power and other upgrades to Eshleman lab

Events
- free tea, donuts, and bagels in Evans: OCF should crash it next Thursday
5pm
- Maintenance Day Feb 23rd. Food suggestions? Geo wants Cancun / Great China

SM
- would like to complete switch from NIS+ to LDAP by spring break
- jchu: how transparent is transition?
- sluo: theoretically not user-visible, if everything goes well
- jchu: security concerns about password hashes on LDAP
- sluo: no worries, authentication is ok.
- jchu wants email handling to be optional for virtual hosts
- gfs said it's up to SM

Wii party
- stevklaw wants party when Super Smash Brothers come out
- should be at OCF? or other place?
- gordon suggests jchu's place...or not.

Last notes
- sluo: we should elect fewer people to BoD next time
- we have 18 people on BoD, what happened to the other half

Motion to adjourn: 7:36
