OCF Board of Directors
2016-05-13
Virtual meeting held to have commenced at 12:00pm.

ckuehl introduces the following bill:
                    EIGHTH AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION ACT
        An Act to amend the Constitution of the Open Computing Facility,
        in order to bring it into compliance with regulations set by the
        LEAD Center.

        WHEREAS, the reregistration of the Open Computing Facility as a
          Registered Student Organization was again denied on the
          grounds that certain language required of the constitutions of
          of all Registered Student Organizations was not present in the
          Constitution of the Open Computing Facility; and
        WHEREAS, it is necessary and important for the Open Computing
          Facility to maintain its status as an active Registered
          Student Organization; and
        WHEREAS, it is expedient to enact the amendments as follows,
          NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ENACTED by the Directors of the Open
        Computing Facility in Board assembled, by the authority of
        section 8.1.1.2 of the Constitution of the Open Computing
        Facility, and under the provisions of the same:
          1. Section 8.1.3 of the Constitution is retitled
             "LEAD Center Records".
          2. Section 8.1.3 of the Constitution is amended to read as
             follows:
               All amendments, additions or deletions to this document
               must be filed with the LEAD Center in 432 Eshleman Hall.
          3. Section 9 of the Constitution of the Open Computing
             Facility is amended to read as follows:
               The assets of the OCF constitute a continuing trust for
               the benefit of all members of the Berkeley campus
               community interested in open computing facilities.
                 If the organization is ASUC or GA Sponsored, all
               unspent ASUC funds shall return to the ASUC; all
               Graduate Assembly funds shall return to the Graduate
               Assembly. If the organization is defunct for five (5)
               or more years, any privately obtained funds (including
               any funds left in miscellaneous accounts) shall be
               donated to the following nonprofit organization: The
               Electronic Frontier Foundation.
                 In the event that the designated nonprofit
               organization no longer exists or has ceased to be a
               nonprofit, then the unspent funds shall be donated to
               the ASUC.

The membership of the Board of Directors is held as follows:
 - abizer
 - andycui
 - baisang
 - ckuehl
 - justinc
 - jvperrin
 - kevinma
 - kpengboy
 - kuoh
 - ldw
 - lilulu
 - mattmcal
 - mdcha
 - mprat
 - nickimp
 - nspatel
 - shasan
 - shaurya
 - shichenh
 - slobo
 - tianrui
 - tmochida
 - tnn
 - trliu
 - willh
 - wml
 - zdong

The vote is held under the provisions of Bylaw 5.
In order for the bill to be passed, per Bylaw 5, at least half of all Board
members must vote in the affirmative, and per section 8.1.1.2 of the
Constitution, the affirmative votes must constitute at least 2/3 of all votes
cast.
The voting period extends from 5/13/16 12:00pm to 5/16/16 12:00pm.

The yeas and nays are as follows. A number in the Yes column indicates a vote in
the affirmative; a number in the No column indicates a vote in the negative. The
numbers in the Yes column indicate the order in which the affirmative votes were
cast; the independent numbers in the No column indicate the order in which the
negative votes were cast.

    Yes                    No
    20    abizer                                           recv'd 5/13  1:16pm
          andycui
    18    baisang                                          recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
     1    ckuehl                                           recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
    11    justinc                                          recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
    15    jvperrin                                         recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
    16    kevinma                                          recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
    19    kpengboy                                         recv'd 5/13  1:04pm
          kuoh
     9    ldw                                              recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
     3    lilulu                                           recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
     6    mattmcal                                         recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
          mdcha
          mprat
     8    nickimp                                          recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
    13    nspatel                                          recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
     2    shasan                                           recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
    17    shaurya                                          recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
          shichenh
    14    slobo                                            recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
    12    tianrui                                          recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
     5    tmochida                                         recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
          tnn
          trliu
     7    willh                                            recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
    10    wml                                              recv'd 5/13 12:00pm
     4    zdong                                            recv'd 5/13 12:00pm

andycui voted yea on 5/16 at 1:03pm; his vote is invalid because it arrived
after the completion of the voting period.
kuoh voted yea on 5/22 at 6:03pm; his vote is invalid because it arrived after
the completion of the voting period.

The yeas and nays having been tallied, the results of the vote are as follows:
    Number of directors:                           27
    Number of yeas required under Bylaw 5:         14
    Number of valid votes:                         20
    Number of yeas required under Section 8.1.1.2: 14
    Number of yeas:                                20

Having fulfilled the requirements for passage, the bill stands enacted.
