MINUTES OF THE OCF GENERAL MEETING, 9/12/95
-------------------------------------------

Active members in attendance:
 
  Erik Agee (agee)		Dan Holliman (danh)
  Charlie Sinclair (sinclair)	Chris Williams (clw)
  Joseph Stanko (jstanko)	Devin Jones (jones)
  Tony Monroe (tmonroe)		Tom Cheng (tomcheng)
  Andrew Swan (aswan)		Tom Moore (moray)
 *Erik Muller (erikm)		Pookie Coopersmith (alanc)
**Jennifer Snider (jenni)       Michael Kaminsky (kaminsky)
  Kenji Hubbard (kenji)		Steve Martinot (marto)
  David Shih (shyguy)		John Milford (jwm)

** denotes General Manager, * denotes Site Manager.

The meeting was called to order at 7:25 by Jennifer.

There was a quick round of introductions, and then Jennifer made a
brief statement answering the question "What is the OCF?"  The OCF is
a student group with the mission of providing general access computing
for the entire campus community.  The OCF's machines are maintained by
a student-run staff, who is always looking for volunteers.  Our governing
body is the Board of Directors, which discusses the OCF's future and
makes decisions on policy.  The OCF also co-sponsors a series of campus
help sessions with the CSUA and the XCF.

At this time Jennifer yielded the floor to Tom Moore, who directs the help
session program for the CSUA and had an item of business for the Board.
Last week, Tom had to pay to use Pimentel for two help sessions, and expected
the OCF to share in the cost.  Tom apologized for not bringing this issue to
the board sooner.  He stated that the OCF's share came to $82, half of the
total expenditure.  Tom also asked for $20 to contribute toward a bookstore
gift certificate as a prize for the best teacher.  It was discussed briefly
whether or not the XCF was deserving of sponsorship credit for help sessions
they do not contribute to financially.

A motion was made and seconded to contribute no more than $82 dollars toward
the cost of reserving Pimentel for last week's help sessions.  The motion
carried with a mixture of Yes votes and abstensions.

Another motion was made and seconded to contribute no more than $20 toward
the cost of a bookstore gift certificate for the best help session teacher.
This carried with a mixture of Yes votes and abstensions.

It was noted that the person taking the minutes is a shmuck because
he did not get the tally down for the previous two votes.

GENERAL MANAGER'S REPORT (Jennifer)
-----------------------------------

Jennifer said that the OCF FAQ and all other documents need to be
rewritten.  We need people to volunteer to be on the list of people
authorized to copy account forms.  Jen gave a quick summary of the events of
the summer, in particular the OCF's near-eviction from the WEB (now known as
the EMF).  We have been allowed to stay in the EMF, but this will be
reconsidered at the end of this year.  Jennifer and Kenji have looked into
possibilities in finding a home either with SIMS, or in Barrows Hall.
Jennifer asked for volunteers to help with the cause of locating new home
for the OCF.

If anyone listens to the messages on the answering machine while doing
hours in the office, leave any messages from HP alone.

We have recently received the following donations:

		2 one-gig disks
		4 Apollos with two cool monitors from David Sharnoff
		1 3/160 from Brion and the XCF (inoperative)

We're still waiting on 4 dual disk machines from LSI Logic.

SITE MANAGER'S REPORT (Erik M.)
-------------------------------

The registry died over the summer, and was resurrected thanks to Kenji,
Alan, John, and Erik's hard work.  We're still trying to catch up on mail
delivery, due to many plague woes.  Things have slowed down significantly
since our network connections were cut back from 20 to 6.  Over the summer
we installed war, a Sparc 2 which is serving as our backup mail exchanger.
Our excess hardware was moved from the niches of the EMF to Dan's work.
Erik has mailed BSDI about a site license, but has not heard back from them.

SPARC MANAGER'S REPORT (Kenji)
------------------------------

Nothing to report.

OTHER STUFF
-----------

Jennifer said that the OCF budget came to about $10,000 after various
operating expenditures, such as the phone bill.

It was discussed whether we were going to do anything about Sandstorm's disk,
since no-one had taken it to the data-suckers yet.  


ELECTIONS
---------

Alan was appointed "Vanna" for the elections.

GENERAL MANAGER

Jennifer gave a brief description of the GM's job and the challenges
the GM would face in the coming year.

The floor was opened for nominations.  Erik M. nominated Jennifer, who
accepted.  Tony nominated Erik Agee; Erik declined.  Since Jennifer was
unopposed, she was confirmed as General Manager without objection.

SITE MANAGER

Erik M. gave a brief description of the duties of the Site Manager.

The floor was opened for nominations.  Tony nominated Erik Muller, who
accepted.  Kenji nominated Andrew, who declined.  Jennifer nominated John,
who declined.  Erik M. nominated Tony, who accepted.  Jennifer nominated
Kenji, who declined.  Nominations were closed.

Erik and Tony each gave a short speech on why they thought they should be
elected.  At this time the floor was opened for questions for the candidates.
A number of issues were discussed, including the effort to migrate the OCF
to better hardware.

The results of the vote were:

Erik	10
Tony     4
Blank    2

Erik was elected as the Site Manager.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The following people requested membership on the Board of Directors:

Jennifer Snider (ex officio)
Erik Muller (ex officio)
Kenji Hubbard
Tony Monroe
Michael Kaminsky
Erik Agee
Charlie Sinclair

At this time a vote was taken for objections.  The results were as follows:

No Objections	10
psb&marco	 1
!psb		 1
aswan sucks	 1

Since there was no majority of objections, the Board was confirmed.

NEXT MEETING
------------

Jennifer announced that the next meeting will be next Tuesday at 7 PM,
in 120A Bechtel.  Agenda items for this meeting will include the election
of the DUMB.

The meeting was closed at 8:40.


Respectfully Submitted,

Erik R. Agee

