         Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting
                    Tuesday, September 26, 1995

Present at this meeting: (BoD Members denoted by a *):

*Erik Muller (erikm@ocf)                Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)
Dan Holliman (danh@ocf)                 *Tony Monroe (tmonroe@ocf)
Chris Williams (clw@ocf)                *Michael Kaminsky (kaminsky@ocf)
*Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)            Alan Coopersmith (alanc@ocf)

Board members Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf), Charles Sinclair (sinclair@ocf),
and Erik Agee (agee@ocf) were not present but were not dropped since they
attended the last meeting.  No one was dropped from the board after
not attending the last meeting.

A quorum of 5 members (max (* (/ 2 3) 7) 5) was not achieved.

The unnoficial meeting was called to order at approximately 7:17 p.m.
by General Manager Jennifer Snider.

AGENDA

* Secretary Appointment
* Announcements
* Election of Disk Use Management Board
* General Manager's Report
* Site Manager's Report
* Sparc Manager's Report
* Discussion
* Leave

* Secretary Appointment

Volunteers for the post of Secretary were solicited and one person
volunteered, Rune Stromsness.  As the board did not reach quorum
he was not officially appointed by the Board.

* Announcements

Jennifer Snider reported on the events last week regarding the ASUC
budget and the OCF's budget.  She was disappointed that very few
OCF people attended the meetings on Tuesday and Wednesday of last
night, especially since the Tuesday BoD meeting was cancelled to
allow people to attend the ASUC FiComm meeting.

The general outcome of the events last week is that the student group
budgets are unchanged, so the OCF's budget is what we had expected.

* Election of Disk Use Management Board

Volunteers for the three positions on the DUMB were solicited, with
only Erik Muller volunteering.  Chris Williams, as past DUMB member,
said that he is working on writing up guidelines for the DUMB based
on past practices and decisions.  This document is still undergoing
review by past DUMB members.

It was decided that there should be more publicity of the DUMB elections
and they should be scheduled for the next meeting which, presumably,
will reach quorum.

* General Manager's Report

Jennifer found her ID!

There have been efforts made to talk to the Library, SIMS, and EECS
about space for the OCF should the WEB (uh, EMF) cease to be
available.  There have been no enthusiastic responses.  More work
needs to be done in looking for future space.

There was a discussion of the relative importance of lab (console)
space and machine room space.  Several people said that lab space
was most important, while a few thought that machine room space was
equally important.  Some respected staff alumni have suggested 
considering running the OCF from servers in a machine room if lab
space is no longer available.

* Site Manager's Report

The cluster has been running with typical flakiness in the last two
weeks.  At the new staff meeting earlier in the evening about 10
new people showed up, they will be meeting individually with older
staff members to get more clue and start answering mail, etc.

The OCF is still running off of the temporary hub, as DCNS has not
finished the wiring project from this summer.

The printer is still not opperational.

* Sparc Manager's Report

The Sparc Manager was not in attendance and has been flaking lately.
We got some new software from SUN.  There has been progress in finding
out about a possible BSDI site license for the campus.  More information
should be forthcoming with the involved campus official returns from
vacation.

The hardware in the CSUA office needs to go somewhere before it is
thrown out in the office cleaning this weekend.

* Supplemental General Manager's Report

Purchases planned or recently completed include lock-down devices,
transceivers, backup tapes, colored and white paper, some generic
stationary, and name tags for staff members.

* Discussion

Kenji is still working on a proposal for purchasing a pentium
system with the hardware funds available.

* Leave

The unofficial meeting was adjourned at 8:40 p.m.


Respectfully submitted,

Rune Stromsness
