Board of Directors meeting Feb 19, 2013
Convened at 7:21
Held at Hearst Gym Grotto

Directors in attendance:
Dara Adib (daradib)
Felix Wong (waf)
Nader Morshed (morshed)
Sanjay Krishnan (sanjayk)
Kevin Fang (kfang)
Raphael Townshend (raphtown)
Timothy Zhu (tzhu)
Erica Shen (etshen)

== MX and A records Consolidation ==

Felix - We are consolidating A and MX records.  A records translates from hostname to ip address.  MX records are the same but for email.

== Posters in lab ==

Sanjay - Dara and Felix ordered a bajillion posters to decorate the lab

== Debian upgrade ==

Sanjay - How do we want to update Debian?

== Printing fiasco == 
Sanjay - Bought remanufactured toners, they leaked on arrivals.  Returned the toners, waiting for new ones to arrive.

== Daily printing quota ==

Sanjay - Daily quota instituted today, max of 30 per day.  Some confusion as semester quotas are not being displayed on tsunami

Dara - Congestion in lab was reduced today

== Home directory reformatting ==

Felix - Home directories changing from u[1-8] format to consolidated format.

== OCF supplies ==

Sanjay - HDMI/DVI cables and RW CDs have been ordered

== ASUC senator ==

Sanjay - Briana, who helped with move, is running for re-election.  Dara and I are endorsing her.

== Steam for Linux ==

Sanjay - Steam for linux was released, could make gaming computer?

== Contributor License Agreement ==

Dara - OCF can freely use any work done for them, though staffers maintain copyright.

== OCF goals ==

Dara - Our membership has grown enormously, though staff numbers/participation has not. Need to think about ocf long term goals.

Sanjay - Could make web hosting more experimental.

Kevin - We want to cater to people who are actually interested in the ocf.

Dara - So, why do staff stick around with the ocf?

*Some debate over what interests staff in ocf*

Sanjay - To summarize, the main reasons are: 1) Learn about sys admining/how ocf how it works 2) Providing resources to staffers 3) Making an impact.

Loren - XCF woo.  Go look at history its interesting a berkeley student spent his undergrad years creating gimp.  It sounds like what would make the OCF better is becoming more like the XCF and doing real projects.

*Some more discussions ensue*

Dara - Not all people want to dedicate their friday nights to OCF...

Bod adjourned at 8:15
