Board of Directors meeting Feb 12, 2013
Convened at 07:27
Held at Hearst Gym Grotto

Directors in attendance:
Dara Adib (daradib)
Felix Wong (waf)
Nader Morshed (morshed)
Sanjay Krishnan (sanjayk)
Paulina Ramos (paulinar)
Nicole Fronda (naless)
Kevin Fang (kfang)
Raphael Townshend (raphtown)
Timothy Zhu (tzhu)
Erica Shen (etshen)

Also in attendances:
Rishi Chopra
Nolan Lum
Loren McIntyre

== Toner shortage ==

Sanjay - Didn't have toner for most of this week, got toner today.  Another shipment arriving tomorrow

Dara - Lines are really crazy, very high use of pages (~10000 pages/day)

Dara - We cleaned printers before inserting toner.

== Pubs Staffers ==

Sanjay - Introduce yourself to pubs staff

== Staff hours ==

Sanjay - Post staff hours

== Home dirs ==

Sanjay - currently home dirs split into 8 partitions.  Made sense when had separate drives.  but now all on one drive, so felix would like to put it all on one drive.  will require downtime to do it, but should be easy

== Organizational Goals ==

Sanjay - Want to make the organization more technical

Dara - At the moment focusing on a lot of printer-related items

Dara - Can appoint a Printer Inventory Management Personnel (PIMP)

Dara - Would keep track of all printing supplies, knows how to take care of them

Dara - Anyone interested?

Nader - Could try to advertise for the position

== Daily Limit ==

Sanjay - Could institute daily limit on printing to prevent large print jobs

Dara - Also reduce size of quota disputes

Sanjay - Any disagreements with the quota?

Loren - Would like to see the logs before final decision, but tentatively approve

Dara - BoD resolution to print pages, exact limit TBD

Dara - Motion to authorize daily limit on pages printed per user

All in favor except Felix, who abstains

== Printing costs ==

Dara - Larger and larger proportion of funding costs going to printing

Loren - If we cut back on printing, it is likely our ASUC funds will likely be cut.

Loren - Might want to search for sources of funding elsewhere

== Racks in the OCF must go ==

Dara - Need to get rid of racks.

Dara - If you know anyone who would like these racks, let us know!

== Time limits on computers ==

Dara - Because of long lines for ocf printing, multiple people have suggested to put time limit on use of computers

Erica - Degrades quality of ocf...

Loren - Don't think we should do it

Sanjay - Could do printing kiosks to help mitigate lines

Sanjay - At least get rid of racks to show we are making better use of space

== Online Approve ==

Dara - we need to be able to approve group accounts

Dara - nader, timothy were interested in doing so (perhaps in django?)

Adjourned at 08:48
