Board of Directors meeting Jan 29, 2013
07:20
Held at Hearst Gym Grotto

Directors in attendance:
Felix Wong (faw)
Dara Adib (daradib)
Raphael Townshend (raphtown)
Kevin Fang (kfang)
Timothy Zhu (nattofriends)
Sanjay Krishnan (sanjayk)
Paulina Ramos (paulinar)
Nicole Fronda (naless)

Also in attendance:
Parisa (parisap)
Loren McIntyre (mcint)

== Food ==

Food is distributed to the ravenous masses of bod.

== Chair of BoD ==

Felix - I am now chair of bod

Felix - In charge of bod agenda, etc...

== Approve for Groups ==

Felix - Need frontend for requesting accounts at the ocf

Felix - Morshed has redone all of old approve, now all in python.

Felix - There is a group backend, no group frontend

Dara - Need volunteers

*Timothy volunteers*

== Contributor Agreement ==

Felix - Next meeting everyone going to sign this agreement

Dara - Allows BoD to use all code written for OCF at their own discretion

== Old Material ==

Felix - A lot of hardware lying around, need help disposing of it

Dara - Any staffers want any of it?

== IST Firewall ==

Felix - IST Firewall was put in place, breaks many things

*Technical details ensue*

== Lockbox ==

Felix - New lockbox, need to figure out who to give out code to.

Dara - In favor of distributing to all staff, need to discuss further

== Staff Photo ==

Dara - Need staff photo

Dara - Not very good at promoting group, some decoration would be good

Dara - Theresa will be helping us in this respect

== PUBS meeting ==

Felix - Meeting to get to know PUBS staff and vice-versa

Dara - Good time for staff photo

Felix - Time is set at Feb 11th at 6pm

== PUBS hiring ==

Felix - PUBS are hiring new staffers

Felix - If you know anyone, encourage them to apply

Dara - The pay is 9.55/hour

Dara - Very low intensity job: refill printer, troubleshoot printer, verify student ids

== Adviser Search Committee ==

Dara - I am on committee to search for new adviser, will send updates

== Printer fixing --

Dara - One printer out of service, needs fixing and more materials

*Loren in charge of this*

== RT updates ==

Felix - By dara, table flipping GIF now included in reply template

== Increased user data space ==

Felix - Now have 6TB of storage for user data

== Mail Vhost cleanup ==

Felix - Contacting groups to see if they are using their mail vhosts

Felix - Going to allow us to cleanup our own records

== NOT-REGISTERED student accounts ==

Felix - Can we allow students of type NOT-REGISTERED to get ocf accounts

Dara - Includes people who have submitted their Statement of Intent to Register (SIR)

Dara - Unsure how specific it is

Dara - Nolan should look into this with his IST contacts

Felix - Discussion tabled until more data available

== Midyear spending report ==

Dara - Report coming up soon

Dara - Have a budget surplus that we can spend in multiple ways

Felix - Purchase a server for staff use

Dara - Decorations for OCF

Felix - Server would be as good as .5 * HAL

Felix - New couch would be good too

Felix - New projector, could be used by yearbook for their meetings as well

Felix - Wii games...

Felix - HDMI, DVI adapters since many computers have broken adapters

Dara - Need a list of wii games

Raphael - Super Smash

== New staff training ==

Sanjay - Pair up new staff with old staff and design posters for various technical aspects of the ocf

Sanjay - Some history would be good too

Sanjay - Would allow for increased staff participation

Dara - Also gives us decorations

Paulina - I would be interested in the approve process (web server involved, etc...)

Dara - Can assign pairs of staff

Dara - Also would allow us to advertise the more technical and less "printer" image of the OCF

== T-Shirts ==

Felix - Need new design

*No objections*

== Food at BoD ==

Felix - Should order food to reduce complexity of providing food

Sanjay - Don't think food during BoD should be a regular thing

== RT ==

Felix - Participation in terms of responding to RT tickets highly encouraged

== Gravatars ==

Felix - Dara has been pushing for Globally Recognizer Avatars

Dara - Gives you icon based on email address

Dara - could use for the staff page

Felix - There was some contention on this point last BoD

Dara - I think we should use gravatars since we could provide photos for users to reference to find staff members.

Dara - Could then be automatically up to date based on which staff have privileges

Dara - Any objections

Kevin - Don't want to give photo to online service...

Kevin - Only place we would use these is on ocf website

== Lockbox ==

Felix - What is policy for handing out lockbox

Dara - Will discuss after BoD

Adjourned at 08:22
