Subject: Minutes for the 2/10/97 bod meeting

I. Elections and Appointments
  A. Appointment of the Secretary
  B. DUMB members
  C. Engineering Joint Committee Representative

II. Reports
  A. GM
  B. SM
  C. Help Sessions

III. Old Business
  A. ASUC
  B. Campus Email Policy

IV. New Business
  A. Purchase of backup tapes
  B. Schedule for backups
  C. Regular Meeting times
  D. Building Keys

Attendance: Name (login)

Board Members: Rune Stomsness (runes), Jennifer Wray (deery), 
Vienna Perez (vienna), David Walthall (land), Richard Dunn (dunnthat), 
Alan Coopersmith (alanc), Jennifer Snider (jenni), Kenneth Nishimoto (kennish),
Elaine Chao (chaos), John Percival (percival).

Non-Board Members: George Gong (gong)

The meeting was called to order at 7:38pm.  

Elections:
The new Secretary is David Walthall (land).

DUMB elections: Elaine Chao, George Gong, and Alan Coopersmith were
nominated.  They were elected by a vote of affirmation 8-0-0
(for-against-abstaining).  The DUMB votes by email on user quota exceptions.

The EJC Rep was postponed until next week with a comment that we haven't
had one for the past few years, so waiting until next week won't hurt.  The
postponement was so that the meeting times for the EJC meetings could be
determined.

Reports: 
GM: 67a Barrows was rearranged.  The printer is now on the other side, the
cords are taped down, and the monitors are stacked so that the heaviest
ones don't fall on people when they are moved.

SM: Home directories were moved to apocalypse.  For the moment, they are
still on Death so that if there are any problems, we still have a copy.
The accounts on planecrash and avalanche were moved to home/ford.  We now
have the UPS software, which is on CD.  We will have to mount apocalypse's
CD ROM to the computers that we will install the software on.  SM saw one
of the four new staff members on site.  Locusts is now available for login
for staff if you add a line to the .xsession file.  SM is still trying to
contact Cliff for rereg information.

Help Sessions: There will be no Help sessions next week.  The next H.S.
planned are "X Windows and You" on Monday, Feb 17, and "Privacy and Encryption 
on the Internet" on Wednesday, Feb 19.


Old Business:
The 7th floor of Eschelman will most likely be turned into a library.
However, it is possible that the OCF may get the 3rd floor of MLK after
that.  Also, we may get use of the 7th floor of Eschelman until the library
is moved there, if it is.

On-Line Voting: On-Line Voting has been tabled by the ASUC until next
semester.

GM suggested that there be a committee to decide Email Policy.  It was
dropped due to "lack of enthusiasm."  It was commented that we can get
exceptions to the campus email policy if we ask IS&T (and they grant it).


New Business:
Ken motioned that $100 be allotted for the purchase of 10 tape backups.
After discussion the motion amended by Rune to allot $200 for the purchase of 
20 tapes.  [They should cost about $8 apiece.]  Elaine Chao seconded this 
motion.  It passed 9-0-0.

Meeting Times: GM motioned Mondays at 7:30pm.  Richard seconded it.  It
passed 9-0-0.  The meeting for next week will be help (due to Presidents
Day) on Wednesday (Feb 19) at 7:30.  The following week (Feb 19), the BOD
meeting is canceled due to a lot of midterms.

Porno Site:  Jennifer Snider formulated a response as per the board's
previous decision.  The response was basically that there is no pornography
on his site now.

George Gong:  George was nominated to be on BOD.  Elaine seconded it.  No
one voted against him being on the board, so he is now a member.

Schedule for backups: This was left to the discretion of the Site Manager.

Building Keys: This was only mentioned as something that was not the
board's concern.

The meeting was closed at 8:16pm.

David Walthall
land@ocf.berkeley.edu
Secretary, OCF Board of Directors.
