MINUTES from the BOD Meeting on 2/19/97

I.Appointments
  A. Engineering Joint Committee Representative

II. Reports
  A. GM
  B. SM

III. Old Business
  A. Campus Email Policy

IV. New Business
  A. The Apollo, the Sun and the Ugly
  B. Announcements

Attendance: Name (login)

BOD Members in attendance:
George Gong (gong), Rune Stomsness (runes), David Walthall (land), 
Richard Dunn (dunnthat), Kenneth Nishimoto (kennish), Elaine Chao (chaos), 
John Percival (percival)

Non-BOD Members in attendance:
Steve Martinot (marto), Jon Kuroda (jon), Marc Alvidrez (alvia)

The meeting was called to order at 7:39pm.  

Elections:
The EJC meetings are every Tuesday at 6pm in 220 Bechtel.  Elaine Chao 
volunteered but the vote was postponed until the next week or whenever quorum
is next achieved.

It was noted that the OCF's copy of "Robert's Rules of Order" are sitting on 
the floor of Elaine's apartment.

Reports: 
	GM:
The midyear report was turned in.  $11,000 was asked for, which is the same as
last year.  The OCF is now an "official student group" on the Berkeley World 
Wide Web.  The GM indicated that he will be taking care of sending off the 
last burned disk soon.

	SM:
The UPSs and their software are now installed, but not tested.  Rereg will be 
held off for another week.  There are no new staff policies.

Old Business:
Rune has a new draft of a proposal dealing with the new Campus Email Policy as
well as a drafted letter to Associate Vice Chancellor McCredie.  Both are 
attached to the end of these minutes.

New Business:

	The Apollo, the Sun and the Ugly:
A discussion was opened about the Apollos and the Suns.  So far, it seems that 
Apocalypse will slowly be phased in as a login machine when the password 
synchronization is finished.

	Announcements:
The Help Session for last Monday was canceled because it was a holiday.  The 
Help Session for today was canceled when the instructional machine took 30 
minutes to log-in.  jon Kuroda made a plea, to any of the OCF ranks of clue if 
they would like to be instructors for the help sessions, it would be greatly 
appreciated.  The GM volunteered to do some posting for the Help Sessions.  

The meeting was closed at 8:35pm.

David Walthall
land@ocf.berkeley.edu
Secretary, OCF Board of Directors.





Rune's Proposal

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
TO:	Associate Vice Chancellor McCredie
FROM:	Open Computing Facility Board of Directors
DATE:	...
RE:	Campus Electronic Mail Implementation Exception Request


We are requesting an exception to the campus implementation of the
U.C. Electronic Mail Policy for eligibility criteria.  The attached
OCF policy lists the people affiliated with the University of 
California at Berkeley that we would like to provide services to.

As you know, the OCF's budget is provided by the ASUC.  The equipment
that the OCF uses is provided both through direct donations from
corporations and through the ASUC's financial support.  The staff time
to run and maintain the cluster is provided by volunteer students and
staff members from UC Berkeley.  The facilities, utilities, and network
connectivity are provided by the University through IS&T.

We believe that each category of account holder outlined in our policy
is a legitimate member of the campus community, and members of each
category routinely receive some University services from campus units.

We also believe that our policy fully complies with the systemwide
Electronic Mail Policy that must be implemented, including the first
three items in the "Allowable Use" section:

       "1.Purpose. Electronic mail services are to be provided by
	  University organizational units in support of the teaching,
          research, and public service mission of the University, and
          the administrative functions that support this mission. 

        2.Users. Users of University electronic mail services are to be
          limited primarily to University students, faculty and staff for
          purposes that conform to the requirements of this Section. 

        3.Non-Competition. University Electronic mail services shall
          not be provided in competition with commercial services to
          individuals or organizations outside the University.

Note that the last category that we list as eligible for OCF accounts
is that of officially recognized campus groups.  These accounts
provide the same important functions to groups that departmental
accounts provided by IS&T on the UCLink machines provide to 
campus departments.  We have provided group accounts to qualified
campus groups for several years with no significant problems and
would like to continue this service.

Please contact our General Manager, John Percival, at gm@ocf.berkeley.edu
if we can provide any additional information or if there is a specific
procedure already in place that our application for an exception should
follow.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
OCF ACCOUNT ELIGIBILITY POLICY

The Open Computing Facility provides accounts and services only to
people who meet at least one of the following eligibility criteria
as verified by presentation of the specified documentation:

1) UC Berkeley Students

     Student Picture ID or Current Registration Card plus photo id. 
     (If the student does not have either of the above IDs, they may get
     a temporary Student ID at the Cashiers' Office. This ID has an
     expiration date and must be accompanied by a secondary photo ID.)

     The student's current registration status will be checked
     electronically.

2) Faculty and Staff--Any Faculty or Staff Member who is directly associated
with UC Berkeley

     Current UC Berkeley Staff or Faculty ID Card 

3) Post Doctoral, Visiting Scholars, Research Assistant, etc.

     Must have letter from their department on departmental letterhead
     stating(*): 

     + Name
     + Appointment Length
     + Departmental Support for the Computer Account

4) Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory (LBL) Staff

     LBL Staff ID Card 

5) Graduate Theological Union Students (GTU)--Current Doctoral Students
ONLY! Masters program not eligible. 

     Must show student ID card.

6) ASUC Employees

     ASUC employees must show their emplyee ID card

7) Math Science Research Institute (MSRI)--Postdoc Researchers or Research
Professors.

     Must have letter from the department on departmental letterhead,
     stating(*): 

     + They hold a valid appointment with the University 
     + Departmental Support for the Computer Account

8) UC Extension Faculty  (Faculty Extension Faculty are usually instructors,
and not titled "Faculty", primarily due to the part-time role)

     An appointment letter marked as independent contractor by agreement
     for a term.

9) UC Berkeley Extension Students--Students enrolled in certificate programs
(Note: A large number of Extension Courses do not lead towards Certificate
programs) or concurrently enrolled in courses offered by UC Berkeley.
Qualified UC Extension Students must show the following: 

     * Enrolled in a credit course (confirmed by copy of enrollement
     confirmation) for classes numbered 1 through 499,
     OR
     * Enrolled in a certificate program (confirmed by documents and/or
     receipts for the certificate program),
     OR
     * Enrolled in a UC Berkeley class concurrently (confirmed by a copy
     of paid and signed concurrent enrollment form).

10) Employees of other University-affiliated organizations who work on
the UC Berkeley campus (i.e. California Alumni Association, International
House, Howard Hughes Medical Institute) or are closely associated with
the Berkeley campus (i.e. Richmond Field Station).

     Must have letter from their organization/unit on letterhead,
     stating(*): 

     + Currently an employee of the organization
     + Organizational Support for obtaining the Computer Account

11) Volunteers, contractors, and other individuals who work on campus
supporting the University.
     Must have a letter from the sponsoring department on departmental
     letterhead stating(*):

     + Individual is affiliated with the department.
     + Department supports the individual's request for a Computer Account

12) Student groups, staff groups, or campus support organizations.

     (Additional restrictions apply, see the Group Account Policy)

     * Copy of a completed SAS form for student groups,
     OR
     * Letter on departmental letterhead(*) verifying departmental
     recognition of the group and supporting their request for a 
     group account,
     OR
     * Sufficient documentation to estabilish that the group has been
     recognized by the Chancellor as a support organization and that
     the person making the request for the group account is authorized
     to make that request.



* All letters supporting an account should be on appropriate letterhead,
must signed by someone other than the account applicant, and should
include contact information for the person signing the letter for
verification purposes.

