Minutes for the General Meeting held on 5/5/97

The following people attended the General Meeting:
David Walthall (land), Richard Dunn (dunnthat), Chuck (ckiong), George
Gong (gong), Steve Martinot (marto), Kenneth Nishimoto (kennish), Rune
Stromsness (runes), Elaine Chao (chaos), K Johnson (joke), Alan [nalA]
Coopersmith (alanc), and Jenni Snider (jenni).

The meeting was called to order at 7:47pm.

The General Manager(s) announced that the Board of Directors purchased
Ultras (from Sun and Integrix).  They also opted to get the free source
code for SunOS.

The Site Manager turned off Lightning, BigBang, and Avalanche due to the
extreme heat in 67a Barrows.  The reregistration process is now complete,
however, many of the UCB Staff members failed the reregistration process
for unknown reasons.  The UPSs went crazy Saturday night at about 4 in the
morning.  They began using backup power instead of the wall current.  It
was deemed likely that the heat caused the malfunction.
There is a staff meeting Monday 5/12/97 in a room TBA.

The EJC Representative announced that whomever wants to be the EJC Rep
next year should talk to Elaine Chao as soon as possible.

The Group George Rep had nothing to say.

The Eshleman Space Request was filled out by Alan [nalA].  The ocf offered
various and sundry things to get 515 instead of 310.  The topology of
Eshelman was discussed and it was determined that 310 and 515 not only
exist on the same floor, but the rest of Eshleman is a vast, dark void.
Only a single rope connects 310 and 515, which is incidentally attached to
the ceiling (presumably of the floor that they both occupy, but possibly
the top of the building).  It is likely that it was designed this way to
make it simpler to draw on a single sheet of paper.

No one has talked to Percival about the purchased back-up tapes yet.

Rune motioned that "we have summer."  It was seconded.  Elaine voted for
summer by cartwheeling across the stage.  David voted against it by
duck-walking while kicking across the stage.  Therefore, the motion
failed, 1-1.  The ocf will not "have summer."

Rune, George, and Alan were not voted against for the summer Board of
directors.

Alan [nalA] proposed that the summer board be give authority to spend as
much of the budget as it deems necessary.  The motion failed 4-5.  Rune
proposed that the summer board be authorized to spend up to $2000 on
memory and other purchases and up to $1000 on network connections if
needed.  This motion passed 8-0.

The following were the names proposed for the new machines and the votes
they received.  Each person present was allowed three votes.

bangpsb 5
xcf 4
csua 4
ebola 3
conquest 2
midterm 2
hurricane 1
d`oh 1
fallout 1
meltdown 1
sacrifice 1
famine 0
final 0
I'll 0
pass 0
Invasion-of-the-body-snatchers 0
Jenni 0
Alan [nalA] 0
TWA 0
Valujet 0
asuc87 0
asuc88 0
pms 0
baldness 0
huh 0
duh 0
A 0
B 0
beavis 0
butthead 0

The meeting was closed at 8:15pm.
