attendance:
Sanjay
Mike
Alan
Sherry
Han
Wilson

BOD:
*sanjayk
*alanw
*mgasidlo
*sherryg
hanwei

Note: "***" indicates things we said we want to do.

Meeting started 7:21 PM

Mike: Any ideas for events for Cal Day?
Alan: Let's have a tournament, for Smash Brothers, Rock Band, Mario Brothers.
Mike: We have two projectors so we could run two.
Han walks in.
Han: I don't have any ideas because I don't really play video games. My friends would be happy to help you organize something for the tournament.

Mike: We need to design invites for the OCF opening extravaganza (20th anniversary party). 
Sanjay: Maybe Blue and Gold can do it.
Mike: We need to invite Harvey*** We are thinking mid-March as the approximate time.

Alan: Let's have Smash and Halo tournament for Cal Day. We will need 1 or 2 people in the labs to coordinate the tournament. 
Mike: We need a title, time, and description.
Alan: How long should we make it? Two hours?
Mike: How about 3 half-hour tournaments for each with a ten minute break in between.
Sherry: How about "ready to get smashed!"?
Alan: That's good, and something similar to "Born to frag!" For the title, how about "OCF's First Annual Gaming Tournament."
Mike: How about we have someone in the penguin suit and say "Come play Rock Band with Tux!"?
Alan: How about we offer free pages as prizes?
Mike: How about flash sticks?
Alan: Let's offer people free paper and a raffle.
Sanjay: Let's say that people are guaranteed free paper if they come and can enter the raffle.

Title: OCF's First Annual Gaming Tournament
Time: 2-4 PM
Description: Ready to get Smashed? Born 2 Frag? Come down to the ground floor of Eshleman Hall to play Super Smash Brothers and Halo. Win fabulous prizes! Meet Tux, the Linux penguin. 

Mike: We should buy large bags of candy from Costco.***

Sanjay: Patch Day is tomorrow.
Mike: If the entire OCF is missing tomorrow, that's why.
Wilson comes in.
Sanjay: Everything that's not connected to famine will be up. There are 5 critical patches that we need to install, which will likely take 3 hours, but may take up the whole day. We should update the wiki and write down what each server does.***
Mike: We've scheduled twelve hours that the OCF will be down because we do not only have to patch famine (see OCF announcement).

Mike: The two most common complaints we get form users are heat, the printers are out of paper, and no one is there to approve accounts. We will solve the second problem by giving the people at the front desk some paper. 

[tangent]
Mike: We write a new version of approve.
Han: You're writing about a self-serve approve?
Mike: Pretty much.
Sanjay: I think a web terminal would be better. It could be done in Perl. The person at the front desk can sign it off.
Mike: The other way to do it is for users not to write on paper at all. They would fill out something on a computer and take a print-out and give it to the front desk to check their ID.
Sanjay: But we may have problems and the front desk will not have enough technical expertise.
Mike: Would people be able to do this from home or at the lab?
Sanjay: Yes.
Mike: How do they print from the lab?
Sanjay: Pileup is not hooked up to the lab.
Mike: The other option is to set up both have a webscript if people want to do it from home.
Sanjay: I'm worried about making a major change to approve, but we are just running a front-end to approve.
Han: How would a script know if people's usernames are based on their actual names?
Sanjay: I'm worried about the mistakes that Pubs could make. What about group accounts?
Alan: Group accounts will always be manual.
Mike: There will be a lot of benefits from this. It will take a lot of effort in the beginning, but will save us time and make it easier for people getting their accounts approved. Or we could have one computer for people to sign up on.
Sanjay: We are going to automate a lot more. We could write the code now.
Mike: If it's going to be just a front-end to approve, then it should be fine.

[Talks about coding and possible collaboration with CSUA ensue]

Meeting adjourned 8:17 PM