# 1 | 8/28/2024

Directors in attendance:

* oliverni
* adi
* jaysa
* rjz
* fengyihuang
* lukepeters
* storce
* laksith
* jaysa
* jedakrisnell
* lemurseven
* bplate
* ronitnath


Guests in attendance:

* Jonathan Sy
* tkasriel


Meeting Minutes:

* jaysa

# Agenda

## RT

* joe has been doing many over the summer! thank you joe (and kian) (and oliver) (and rjz)
* mod_security permission issues. see Site

## Opstaff

* Training this Sunday 11am-1pm
  * Show up if you want! Meet the two new hires and say hi to familiar faces :)
    * add new hire ocf, google accts,  slack
    * add new hires to opstaff user group
* OCF reopen on Tuesday (9/3)
  * Make sure that new hires have access to commands
    * Make them an OCF Google account so they can join the Slack
  * Make sure that everything is connected and functional
  * Check inventory
* I still haven't made a schedule (yet), BUT there might be some times where Opstaff is not available at all
* OA and OM pay increase?
  * CalLink: $45,504 for academic year
  * Berkeley minimum wage: $18.67
  * Current OA pay: $18.50 → $19, current OM pay: $21 → $21.50
    * Without academic holidays and breaks

## Administrivia

* has anyone seen the broken fuser (in an HP box) from February?
* Our TV has issues - horizontal lines/streaks
  * 75"/77" TVs are \~$2000
  * do we want a new one??
    * jaysa: i suggest we wait until end of AY if we have the funds back
    * oliverni: if crashing we should replace

* jaysa: i swear guys tonight i upload bod notes to website fr
  * oliverni: what if we upload all the old ones to outline
    * public access??
  * documentation revamp??
    * jaysa: soon…. once i get on that grind
* jaysa: i will also start taking actual BoD attendance starting today

## Site

* built 2 more PCs
  * need to install nix
  * verify if front ports work
  * current PC builds dont support multi monitor!
    * TBD… maybe swap in old graphics cards?
* How to move forward re: WAF?
  * seems to be pretty effective
    * no new compromises that I know of
  * but a lot of false positives
  * also needs to be puppeted
* need to replace 1 hard drive on fallingrocks
  * anyone wants to go to the datacenter w/ rjz? (optional)
  * rjz will RMA, we have hotswaps so not a big deal
* cPanel?????????
  * we got a license (free)
  * oliverni supports. look into it!

## Internal

* calapalooza tabling
  * 8/29, 1-6 PM
  * joe can cover 1-5PM, jaysa covers all but 2-3:30PM
  * luke can cover setup, close, and most of afternoon
  * rjz can cover morning or after 3pm
  * joe ordered a banner! old tabling supplies in storage room
  * jaysa: ill make decal & volunteer staff flyers
    * we need to order merch this sem lol
    * jeda: we have a lot of graphics
    * oliverni: uwubernetes stickers x490 we can give them out at GM
      * prize for building 1 PC. 1 sticker per PC built
* first GM on the 4th, next Wednesday
  * lukepeters: first gm be more like welcome back
    * fun pc building activity?
    * not like a huge workshop but like build pc with current staffers
      * 1 slide of 1st GM slideshow w/ timeslots on different days from current staff
    * big event at gm → spillover, if unfinished huge mess
  * second gm focusing on onboarding
  * \
    * jaysa: made callink event for 1st GM
    * jaysa: made ed posts in data101 and eecs101
      * ~~20~~ 25 responses :)
    * \
* second GM on the 11th, tailored toward new potential staffers
* any suggestions/requests for the first social?
  * thinking \~week of Sep 15'
* slides?
  * will work on that
* \


\
## Decal

* need to update website for updated staff info
* infosessions
  * not planned out yet
* need to plan facilitator meeting
* New experiment…?
  * laksith: the issue with the decal has been that it doesnt teach them what they need
  * bring back the advanced track, call it experimental, max 10 ppl
  * purpose is to give out cheap laptops for them to build out linux servers
  * gauge interest in the first meetings
  * oliverni: biggest issue w/ current decal, it feels like a lot of misc things, unconnected
    * feel it doesn't seem cohesive
    * would be better if we could teach a lot of the same but organize it into threads, build on previous content more
    * laksith: we have too much hand holding? they don't have the opportunity to break things
    * breakage is essential to learning
    * we'll get to advanced topics (k8s) if people are interested
    * again, cap to small number of people at first
  * oliverni: students have to ask someone to reset VM. they arent fully independent.
    * button to reset VMs
  * laksith: want students to install things themselves. from scratch.
* would be nice if decal heads were here…

## Buysheet

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)

expensive ups :3

* buy more lego botanicals each week 2 decorate lab
* jaysa: we need to take inventory of pc parts
  * did we buy enough?
* rjz: the a620 mobo only has 1 display output
  * however, we can use old gpus/ put new gpu ones at the multi-monitor stations
  * \
