# 10 | 10/30/2024

Directors in attendance:

* lemurseven
* oliverni
* jaysa
* rjz
* laksith
* bplate
* storce
* danliu
* jedakrisnell
* tabi
* sawansri
* jingwenyang
* rsang
* aly
* lukepeters
* kimcpape
* joiew
* fengyihuang
* ncostello
* jingwenyang

  \


Guests in attendance:

* lic
* toke
* jonquitoriano


Meeting Minutes: jaysa, lukepeters, laksith


Quorum for this meeting is 9.


# Agenda


## Appeal


If the user is banned, they shall be promptly notified of the ban and given a chance to appeal the ban at one of the next three future Board of Directors meetings. At that meeting, they will be asked to explain their actions. The Board of Directors then may decide with a ⅔ majority vote by secret ballot to uphold the ban; if the ban is not upheld, it shall be rescinded.

The user previously banned on 10/09/2024 (unanimous) came to BoD to appeal their case.

Voting results: 16-1, ban sustained


## RT

* joe: need help with password reset for Calcycling
  * rjz: thought i already did?
* joe: non-studentorg got migrated?
  * message the hostmaster to revert


## Opstaff

* Pay period 4 complete: $3059 off CACCSF
  * gonna check later to see if we have funds for the entire AY
* Y'all the new keyboard is such a blessing, absolutely wonderful
  * ~~IT'S BLUETOOTH~~
  * ~~THE CLICKS AND GENERAL TYPING IS BEAUTIFUL~~
  * ~~THE BUTTONS AND JOYSTICK ARE SO SILLY~~
  * ~~THE KEYCHRONS ARE ALWAYS MWAH~~
  * Excited to see the whole lab decorated with the keychrons (potentially) :)
* From ocf.io/printers Grafana → papercut in rotation but not printing?
  * rjz: will look into it!
  * rjz: noticed 1 printer excluded from either double/single classes
* Providing blue/green books and other on-campus supplies?
  * We always get asked during midterms/finals season
  * Already providing: pens, paper, manila folders, office supplies
  * Pros: students can get their necessary supplies
  * Cons: students may rely on OCF for this, we are primarily a computer lab and not a resource center
  * will look into towards end of semester if we have extra ASUC funds
* Project updates: printing and laminating, Halloween social post, shirt designs, emailing the common printing classes with no response :(
  * tabi: got a response from one of them
  * a chem class said they can put out a poster

## Administrivia

* jaysa: [ocf.io/gcal/ocf](https://ocf.io/gcal/ocf) will be updated throughout sem w/ ocf events
  * since we've got a lot of socials, tech talks, etc planned
  * could also rework ocf.io/hours page someday to replace this
  * may change shorturl lol
* jaysa: contacted SUFMO lead about e-waste bin dates
  * every other week, wed-tue, check ocf.io/gcal/cal
* jaysa: week 10 ASUC regular report is done

## Site

* Keychron keyboards arrived! thanks jaysa
  * I think the plan is to upgrade the rest of the keyboards?
  * jaysa reached out to keychron about volume discount & custom keycaps
  * they actually responded to us already (20% off)
  * talk to jaysa and jingwen if you have thoughts about design
  * print button on the keyboard? :o
* oliver: busy this week, pls try to bother other people if you can
* rjz: available hmu! :3

## BMT Comm

Come volunteer for the Berkeley Math Tournament on Saturday!

* we're hosting 1200 high school students
* proctor tests, run activities, grade, etc.
* <https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScMkG5a5ZBvYIZ8DrVrExlRTGjRaDChwLBbYUx-7R06xASQEw/viewform?pli=1>

## Internal & External

* jaysa: jane street talk on the way
  * aiming to hold during experimental decal timeslot, Thu 7-9PM
* slide show night this Saturday??? 6pm :ballot_box_with_check:
  * move to sunday but we'll need to start earlier cuz mlk closes at 8
* Elliot tech talk next Wednesday!
  * during GM, will send out announcement soon
  * buysheet items


## Design

* jaysa: ocf custom keycaps

## Decal

* Got stickers from JS!!

## Finance

* jaysa: jane street invoice in progress
* sticker sheets ordered? nope

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)


8:01pm