# 12 | 11/13/2024

Directors in attendance:

* lukepeters
* erdaifuu
* bplate
* rjz
* jaysa
* laksith
* jedakrisnell
* jingwenyang
* oliverni
* sawansri
* lemurseven
* storce
* lic
* adi
* tabi
* rsang
* danliu
* joiew


Guests in attendance:

* alexbli
* aly
* ncostello
* lydiaywang

  \

Meeting Minutes: jaysa

# Agenda

## RT

HPC requests:

* garvgoswami (Ronda Lab, model fine-tuning)
* shufanp (LLM-assisted categorization)

Help with Apphosting ticket

* 502 bad gateway: application socket connection seems fine, need some debugging with root or help in general. mathdrp.


## Opstaff

* Pay period 5 is complete: -$2781.50 off CACCSF
  * will audit during break
* Just asking for updates
  * Letter-size jobs only filter?
    * laksith: Not sure if we can implement a filter based on paper size easily / I need to do more poking around. Although potential easy temp fixes that could reduce the number of these odd size jobs and prevent them from stalling all printing:
      * Set Default Paper Size: we don't really set a default paper size on the printhost at the moment. So maybe this would help
      * Set Max Job Time: again we don't set a maximum time a job is allowed to hold the printers and the default is 3hrs which imo is def way too long. Is there a more reasonable time we could set?
        * jeda: could be like 15 minutes instead?
      * [current config](https://github.com/ocf/puppet/blob/8450beaeabe92281a456f741d77237ead8e02592/modules/ocf_printhost/templates/cups/cupsd.conf.erb)
  * Someone email UCSF for the middle printer screen?
  * Thanks for fixing the left scanner :)
    * laksith fr
  * Can we figure out why the printers randomly don't work? :(
    * Last occurrence today @9:45am
    * jeda: just telling opstaff to restart printers (manually w/ button) atm
  * Force rasterization problem still happening on some of the computers → they are still on Ocular
    * laksith: are these only the old ones? or is this on the new desktops as well?
    * most likely just old ones! Opstaff just noticed it was still a problem
* Lots of subshifts for week of Thanksgiving break, but we got it all covered!
* Need to talk to opstaff re: next semester
* Project updates: Club Penguin sticker, Instagram post (go like it!), clearing out the water bottle bin aka the lost and found
  * jingwen penguin stickers in production

  \

## Administrivia

* Joe: Add jingwenyang to staff
* jaysa: jingwen requested keycard access
* PR stage 4 issue? - approved
* jaysa against ocf fee
  * previously ocf relied on STF, but STF failed to renew in 2021, IREF covered software services but not OCF. You can look at this in previous BoD notes from 2021.
  * fairly confident that the OCF will continue to get funding without this fee in place from CACCSF jaysa
* Need to nominate GM/SM next week
* take down

  \

## Site

* laksith: thoughts on maintaining a running doc for all the desktops for common issues / fixes so that debugging work is not duplicated?
  * and maybe when things go wrong they can be documented here by opstaff as it's easier to debug issues + create a knowledge base for fixes
  * multiple volunteer staff redundantly figure out whats wrong with a specific desktop
  * rjz, oliverni, tabi: yes lol
* laksith: can we try to return the TV remote to the opstaff desk please?
  * i've got to hunt for the remote every tuesday :(
  * oliver: making a label that says pls return to opstaff desk
    * laksith: ppl will still ignore lol
* joe: outline mkdocs sync almost done
  * prob before end of next week :DDD
* jaysa: build PC pls


## Internal & External

* cooperc tech talk next wed!
  * 8-9 pm GM time, on calendar
* final tech talk tentatively Dec. 4

## Marketing

* rjz: ordered the stickers and it's shipping from china so it'll take a while. "I personally don't care about quality."
  * oliverni: is that why you ordered the sporks??
    * NOO I JUST LIKE SPORKS
      * They aren't even good sporks, they're flimsy AF
        * this is why i carry my own fork and spoon now.
      * ***sporkgate***
        * it's okay rjz, we forgive you
      * tape 1 to the wall
        * i got it —michael
      * rjz: i'll buy good spoons using staples rewards
* keycaps design
  * wanted: Waddles super key
  * put custom design on the playstation keys instead
  * will maybe redo this design? talk to jingwen and jaysa


* Jingwen: seasonal variance for wallpaper?
  * \
    * The big game Is coming, I sketched for decorating the Christmas tree :), put it on before the week of big game? suggestion for more elements to add to the sketch
      * jaysa: pog and awesome. will deploy
    * Jingwen: violent toward the tree is permitted :)
    * other ideas for future holiday
      * anime girl pretty please
        * [no anime](https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia.tenor.com%2FKXIhW6GL-6gAAAAC%2Fno-anime-penguin.gif&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=167e3b99dd176a736af7e557ece52e607a147324c62ae57d678c590e483b67cd&ipo=images)
        * april fools waifu waddles
          * the people approve nearly unanimously. this will be happening
          * lakisth: idk how i feel about this
            * jaysa: L + ratio + waifu'd
      * jingwen: one day's better than none.
      * waifu waddles poster

## Decal

* :)
* aly: no new updates overall
  * amnesty: will talk about how to make up missed labs
* kubernetes lecture:
  * oliver wants to ditch
  * adrian, laksith?\n

## Buysheet

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)

* will dispose of old toner
* ok on toner and paper
* yea i'm sm (snack muncher)

adjourned 7:58pm