# 15 | 12/11/2024

Directors in attendance:

* lukepeters
* lemurseven
* laksith
* lic
* sawansri
* ronitnath
* oliverni
* jedakrisnell
* jaysa
* joiew
* danliu
* rjz
* erdaifuu
* jingwenyang
* storce


Guests in attendance:

* \


Meeting Minutes: laksith

# Agenda

## RT


* jaysa: we've been approving ppl for HPC, rjz got to mirrors that were outdated

## Opstaff

* Pay period 7 done: $1933.50 off CACSSF
* Please be more communicative with any troubleshooting in the Slack/Discord
  * For example, website was down on Monday and there was little response
* Made final schedules for the last two weeks of the semester
  * RRR week: M/T/TH 9-8pm, W 9-7pm, F 9-5pm, S 10-6pm
  * Finals week: M-Th 9-8pm, F 9-5pm
    * MLK closes at 8pm on Friday, but since there isn't that much availability, we will still close at 5pm
    * Actually wait TBD LMAO
* Can I get reimbursed for the Opstaff social/gifts?
  * We're going to an escape room on Sunday >:)
  * I also got Opstaff little gifts, so may I get reimbursed? :)
* Snacks are in the storage room!
* GOOD LUCK WITH FINALS EVERYONE <3

## Administrivia

* jaysa: student tech fee pt 2
  * ASUC contacted re stf again. more info in previous BoD notes. They were curious about OCF funding needs, will draft a response after. Personally against stf, as there is no way it's gonna replace iref.
  * talk to jaysa if you want to be involved / talk about this.
* jaysa: callink PR disbursement
  * PRs submitted on or after December 12 will only be reimbursed in the spring.
  * rjz: deadline is actually tomorrow (December 12)  - this should be stage 2
* ronitnath: Do we need to file exception to operate for emergency building access during the break?
  * ACTION ITEM @[Ronit Nath](mention://85d0f88c-bcb0-410f-89b5-e80293c6eea1/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) do this
    * Given that we were kicked out for not being on the after hours list, this is for normal operations. So maybe we should clarify this and fill it out. ronitnath will fill it out
* ronitnath: potential MIT guest? (OCF peer: <https://sipb.mit.edu/>)
  * rjz: yes
  * Been doing outreach to a bunch of similar orgs (yay! friends). Had a meeting with the MIT ppl and we're trying to see what we can do for cross org collabs.
  * Please provide ideasâ€¦ for what we can do
  * Providing web hosting solutions to students is something that a lot of these orgs do and potentially we can collab with these orgs to create a low / no code solution for websites.
* ronitnath: sending comms to vhost/apphost orgs to see what their transition plans are to facilitate better long term planning by hosts for how to do transitions
  * help orgs transition when they have new officers, e.g. via having a longterm tech person on their board
  * a lot of orgs just create a new website every semester
  * laksith: (later)
  * jaysa: put something on the website re this as well\n

## Site

* rjz: security emailed re a sus dns request that happened on multiple occasions. this was from a device connected to the OCF network. It's known to only affect windows computers so it's most likely some staff members windows laptop.
  * rjz was unable to further trace this. we do log the outgoing requests but wasn't able to find these specific logs as iptables log retention is broken. We're supposed to be storing this but most of it is empty!!! and we only have access to one day.
  * ronitnath: is the situation that we have a staffer connected to oophobo?
    * yes
  * Dec 6 from 6-7 and Dec 7 from 10-12 and windows laptop.
  * Someone might also be proxying through tsunami.
  * The malware is designed to steal credentials.
* rjz: sorried accounts that had weak passwords. staffers who had this happen to them should talk to rjz.
  * ASUC reusing a passwords across multiple users
  * jeda and kim have their passwords cracked but not sorried due to impact.
  * rjz: we don't have fail2ban installed by default.
* rjz: iptables log retention broken on tsunami
* staff device or ocf host compromised?
  * suspicious dns entries
  * list of users using a Windows device at OCF
* rjz: a lot of python pkgs we use are outdated and bad
* oliverni: death keeps having issues & www goes down
  * aren't able to ssh in, have to reboot
  * has happened 2-3 times
  * lemurseven: didn't check logs pre reboot but had to go thru the KVM host to get shell access.
* hpc down, working on
  * zfs thing?
    * can fix by uninstalling backports kernel and getting the regular one.
  * rjz: some issue with slurm?
    * pmix plugin missing library
    * idek why we use this plugin lmao, will fix

## Internal & External

* Alumni banquet 6pm Friday
  * Catering will be delivered 5:30
* Buysheet
* RSVP: <https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfv7CTKvQRViAsx-qWDBzfdsHa-rc5idJU2g_H3rOVotFjofw/viewform?usp=sf_link>

## Marketing

Jingwen: any suggestion on the drawing I sent in dc?

* ronitnath: are we looking at having something like http cats?
  * Jingwen: that works, depend on yall's opinion
* BoD voted unanimously to make this a formal committee.


## Decal

* laptops being returned - should take count reach out to ppl who haven't returned just yet.
  * oliverni: can we take a couple pictures of the students holding the laptops with jane street stickers on them?
    * laksith: will get more marketable pics next semester. or will do if I happen to be here.
* will ping ppl for grading
* jaysa: thinks it's a good idea to cut down class size to 30
* @jaysa add jane street items to runbook & get someone to maintain contact for tech talk

\n

## Buysheet

@[Ronit Nath] figure out bylaw that gives us carryover

maybe update constitution for some purchases under a threshold not needing bod approval but have notification

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)


# elections pt 2


## SM

oliverni

* get rid of old projects, make us have to do less maintenance, and finish desktop upgrade


luke

* get people excited to be part of the ocf
  * why would you want to come in and do work for free and be staff?
  * this sem we've done good in showing how we can help people. We have big impacts on the lives of fellow students and researchers and more
* socials
  * we can do more socials
  * hiking, rock climbing, etc
  * root!


## Internal

danliu

* new staff
* has feedback with onboarding process
* make projects more organized, ensuring task is done well
* we can do more stuff in free time
  * ocf starter tasks
  * ocf constitution
  * how to run OCF
* time commitment: light semester next
* reflections
  * p2 good
  * wanted to learn about more github things
* admin capacity?
  * hs: cs club president.


joiew

* new staff
* felt really welcome in ocf
* got a lot of xp in planning with orgs and events
* would focus on tech talks, outreach to stay in ocf (retention)
* work on:
  * lot of ppl stay for community
  * do more socials
  * like the OCF
* commitments: 15 units, pretty managable
* thoughts on recruitment & onboarding?
  * lots of techtalks are just ppl who stay after bod
  * have people coming who are outside the OCF as well
  * lots of ppl could be interested in these


## Decal

sawansri

* has xp
* improve recruitment from decal into ocf
* keep xperimental


erdaifuu

* cs/app math
* teaching for a while
* currently working at the coder school in north berk
* arch (W)
* laksith self hosting has been inspiring
  * mc server self host
* involved in neovim space
* xperimental decal good
* commitments: 13u, 3techs


from jaysa: thoughts on distributing work?

* split it evenly
* otherwise we'll just do it

from rjz: how to keep facilitators accountable

* strike system?
  * ehh


perhaps we should add to constitution that we can hire/fire decal heads at any point in semester


decal: peer orgs will be interested


## Marketing

jingwen

* loves ocf
* has done a lot of work


rjz

* has xp with dealing with vendors
* but made the spork decision


wendy: illustrative or graphic design?

* we have complained a lot about not having much reach
* we need to revamp
* graphics design skillset
* I'm willing to mentor: figma, illustrator


ronitnath: It would be good to specifically recruit

rjz: what is the draw?

* ronitnath: platform and reach, RSOs

oliver: we need someone who will take initiative and drive things


jingwen: I want to contribute

oliver: for design to work we need that


jingwen: we can recruit people for specific things like 3d modeling, but our main priority is linux, and we shouldn't worry so much about how to get more people working on design


wendy: lots of people can come in, but you need to decide what you want. A graphic designer is responsible for promoting your club. We'll create a cycle where this position needs to be filled for someone to propagate the club


ronitnath: marketing the OCF would be good, beyond just recruiting staff


random thoughts

* invite more people to tech talks
* OCF podcast???
  * i think this is a great idea!!!! - laksith
* we had issues with keycard for other spaces
* ficomm
  * we should have head to just do them all


# GM Speeches


Jaysa

* Thank you all for being here! Thank you to everyone who has put time to think about the OCF.
* Reflections
  * 3 years here! Complicated relationship
  * Sometimes we take the OCF too seriously. This is supposed to be fun!
* Thanks to everyone who made commitments! But also make sure to have fun. Enjoy this space, and your time in college.
* This place changed my life. Hopefully it will change yours.
* "Maybe you'll see me again"
* If you didn't get the position you wanted, run again! It will pan out.


RJZ

* During my tenure, most of the ASUC meetings were handled by Jaysa. I want to apologize for my lack of avail and for Jaysa's support in this.
* I want to thank everyone who contributed. I want to wish everyone well for finals and life.


Oliverni

* Really glad to see so many new faces. It's been a good change from last year.
* I really believe in the OCF, our mission, and our community.
* It's inspiring to see the new staff.
* I kind of disappeared for the second half of the semester, but things were fine, and it's good that we're at a place where things didn't collpase


Michael

* Refresh good!