# 3 | 9/11/2024

Directors in attendance:

* lukepeters
* jaysa
* rjz
* storce
* fengyihuang
* lemurseven
* bplate
* oliverni
* laksith
* jedakrisnell
* tabi
* aly
* ronitnath


Guests in attendance:

* rsang
* erdaifuu
* tkasriel
* danliu
* ncostello
* ianswong


Meeting Minutes:

* lukepeters


Next Meeting:

* \

# Agenda

## RT

* #14486: kali mirror push trigger
* Thanks Joe for doing RT and staffhours!


## Opstaff

* Weekly Opstaff meeting: Tuesday 9-9:30am :')
* First stipend soon
  * Training them on how to make PR Tuesday
  * (Ficomm/Finance Agents) Be prepared to Stage 2 when this happens
  * The amount we put for wages for the payment voucher is more than the total wages ($27940.50 vs $23603)
    * Saturday and Joe's position included
    * Academic holidays and breaks excluded
  * I know we're still waiting for CACSSF and will not do PR if it's not dispersed then
  * Note: First total paycheck across Opstaff is more because OM does admin work over the summer
* SWE++
  * 9/14-12/7, 9:30-12:00
  * Can we make sure the SWE account can be accessed with the new PCs?
* Career fairs :(
* "i don't know if something got reset over the summer, but if i recall we had it set so that print jobs automatically force rasterize last semester. that seems to have been removed, and now i'm manually force rasterizing like half of the print jobs because they just won't print, and it's not an intuitive solution for most people. any way we can turn on automatic force rasterization again? it's also wasting a ton of toner because the ones that do print come out as solid black boxes of ink" - Gianna
  * Tends to be annotated documents, e.g. forms, medical documents
* Requests for more merch
* ocf.io/donate not working
* Hours on website incorrect
  * Wed closing time listed as 8
* New opstaff settling in well

## Administrivia

* jaysa: SUPERB & other chartered/arts & media programs are looking to create a new referendum, program advisor will keep us in the loop, invited us to maybe join…?
* jaysa: CACSSF will disburse soon.
  * jaysa will follow up
  * rjz: lauren said will disburse next week
  * \
* Working on toner disposal via Moffitt (else Staples), mailroom access
* Prospective fee referendum for media/arts orgs in MLK
  * does OCF want to be a part?
  * Maybe send rjz because jaysa is on the committee…
  * Efficiency of budget from ASUC?\n

## Site

* Bad stick of RAM
* We need to figure out what to do with the old desktops
  * Does anyone want to help us "dispose" of them
  * Can also look into donating some of them
  * oliverni: find me next week if you want to help with disposal…
  * May be donated after next Wed
  * someone: should we advertise this at GM?
    * lacksith and storce and oliverni: okay, maybe let's wait for next week/not this GM, want to keep it a little more low key
* Some of the shipped cases have misaligned holes
  * 1 broken new PC currently
* oliverni: Can we add fans to the room?
* rjz: campus BGP routing went down last night \~1am

## Internal/External

* Onboarding GM for new members is right after BoD today!
  * 100 people filled out interest form, 90 on our mailing list, 20 in our new staffer discord server
* Committee, interest group signups?
  * Who wants to lead interest groups?
    * HPC, OCF Web, OCF Infra
    * interest groups don't seem to work out… thoughts on improving?
  * Who wants to lead/ mentor projects?
    * ocf jukebox
    * monitor
    * \*nix config
    * helping people create 1-click websites/automate wordpress creation
      * just from a blank account to an html directory
      * no dns updates
    * static websites
      * wget will only crawl linked pages, so maybe do a wordpress plugin?
      * \
    * Number of projects & people TBD
    * Anyone who wants to help with the onboarding process
* LukeP: Sending out tech talk forms
  * will start via discord, alumni mailing list
  * any dates we DON'T want tech talks?
    * Any GM works
* Board game social Sat 12pm!
  * jaysa, albert
* maybe karaoke social next sat

## Decal

* Sent out enrollment codes and decal info
* delegate checking decal@ each week
*  We have a really reasonable quote for experimental track

  *decal laptop quote, 15 laptops, $95 each*

  * Reached out to Jane Street to see if they're still interested in giving money loll
  * The preferred method of payment is a wire transfer, and we'll need to provide shipping details.
* \[Question from internal\] Is it okay if we offer new staff members VMs to audit the decal?
  * Just as a potential way to help new members get acquainted with the OCF
  * Especially if they haven't signed up, but are still new to FOSS/Linux etc.
  * we can have vms for dayzzzz


## Buysheet

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)