# 4 | 9/18/2024

Directors in attendance:

* rjz
* jaysa
* laksith
* oliverni
* jedakrisnell
* ronitnath
* tabi
* lukepeters
* lemurseven
* fengyihuang
* storce
* adi


Guests in attendance:

* athanm
* tkasriel
* joiew
* danliu
* erdaifu
* kimcpape :3


Meeting Minutes:

* Jaysa

# Agenda

## RT

* ubuntu update. maybe check storage on fallingrocks?
* \
  * rjz: will make sure we have space
* enabletech guy came in today, site compromised & needs cleanup.
  * TODO rjz will teach oliverni how to run a scan. jaysa will document

## Opstaff

* THANK YOU FANG FOR THE STORAGE ROOM
  * :bangbang:
* First pay period complete: \~$3500+ off CACCSF because previous Opstaff forgot to fill in Purchase Requests from last semester
  * Thank you for the quick Stage 2 :)
    * rjz: :)
  * possible issue with isabelle's PR?
* First team meeting completed!
  * Just completed the first purchase request
  * Brainstorming projects (put more ideas)
    * Updated wallpaper
    * Updated poster for alternative places to print, color print, etc
    * Updated "join staff" sign outside
    * More merch
* SWE++ was in the lab this weekend!
  * No real issues but needed to adapt for no tv
* **Still having a force rasterization issue**
* It's always nice to have more than one printer at a time :')
  * TODO look at printers

## Administrivia

* jaysa, laksith, oliverni: working out Jane Street sponsorship for decal laptops
  * and potentially student org VM server. not sure how much they want to start with
  * guest lecture? njha????
  * ssh motd if sponsored on student org private VMs
    * oliverni: it's worth exploring reaching out to other places as well
    * diversify our funding sources
    * jaysa: hesitant cuz don't want to be beholden to …
    * laksith: how do people feel about this -- cont. corp sponsorship
    * jaysa: hesitant  as we're not sure if we want have another moving part in the whole OCF finance story.
    * oliverni: not just about money - having good industry relations is just good in general, maybe there is a recruiting angle to this. Sometimes in the FOSS world ppl are too proud to be a part of industry
    * jaysa: likes the fact that we're kinda cutoff from the industry
    * rjz: sides with oliver
    * oliverni: not mutually exclusive, thinks its def worth exploring
    * fengyihuang: as long as ocf's mission doesn't change corp sponsorship is ok as long as no scandals
    * ronitnath: ocf self selection paradox - people stay in CSUA due to industry relations
    * jaysa: prefer to do it on a case by case basis
    * laksith: Jane Street relationship for now we are ok with the decal guest lecture
    * jaysa: meeting with asuc finance, to discuss logistics of receiving money to our accounts
    * conclusion: Let's see where JS takes us, if we have a good experience we can look around. ok to be picky about sponsors / maybe keep it limited to standalone projects instead of core operating things so we have the freedom to stop
* meeting with ASUC office of the chief communications officer…? will see what they can do for us
* regular toner disposal by building
* e-waste disposal after BoD
  * TODO look in storage/server room, get e-waste

## Site

* HDD replaced on fallingrocks
* Services down
  * grafana
  * maybe more?
* TV will be installed tomorrow (9/19) 9-1:30PM
  * TODO we haul away old one during e-waste disposal
* unable to make accts this afternoon, errors

## Internal/External

* Social last Saturday: a handful of new staff showed up
* Sending out tech talks invite through email and Discord
* Projects assigned! Some people will come today in GM. They will probably ask questions on Discord server or in-person!
  * help out if you can
  * projects:
    * mac address scanner for staff presence
      * making sure ethernet is only connected to our desktops, locking it down?
      * bring back jukebox
        * rjz: it's not broken, kubernetes is broken
        * oliverni: no it's youtube api… don't care it's fun project for new staff
      * nix desktop customization: make more user friendly
      * card scanner
      * tabi: some way to log ppl out would be great!
* TODO social saturday 5 PM karaoke

## Decal

* laksith: they gave us options, we take 15 of our favorite
  * probably will go with cheapest one, 8th gen
* \


## Buysheet

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)