# 5 | 9/25/2024

Directors in attendance:

* lemurseven
* storce
* rjz
* oliverni
* ncostello
* fengyihuang
* jedakrisnell
* tabi
* laksith
* lukepeters
* bplate
* adi
* ronitnath

Guests in attendance:

* sawansri
* rsang
* danliu\*
* erdaifuu\*
* joiew\*
* jiman
* knivesng

Meeting Minutes:

* storce
* lemurseven

Quorum for this meeting is 8

Guests annotated with \* were appointed to BoD.


started at 19:10

# Agenda

## RT

* Security tickets?
  * So it turned out IPMI is just broken
  * Disabled IPMI over LAN
* one ticket need root help (pw reset), and one PR to approve
* \

## Opstaff

* Merch: We need an external account for payments OR fix donate link
  * I know RSOs/Charted Programs aren't supposed to have external accounts LMAO
  * https://ocf.io/donate broken?
* Preference if SWE should use adapter or AirPlay?
* Oliver and I chatted about there potentially being a designcomm
  * Opstaff approves! We can always collab
  * If anything, we just need transparency on what exactly they are doing
    * Social media posts, signage, merch, stickers, etc
* Force rasterization is really wack
  * I know that there was a Physics worksheet that was getting everyone
  * tabi has it and other files
* Ongoing projects: stickers, sign to find *the* Joe Wang when he has Staff Hours, welcome back Instagram post, updated "where to print" sign, lost and found bin
  * Recommended projects:
* Respect da lab
  * :bangbang:

## Administrivia

* Decal incident
* E-waste disposal
  * we can check after GM
* Oct 9: ASUC report,
  * was today but time conflict
  * Ronit will be there and talk about ongoing projects at OCF and the importance of the ocf :)
  * ronit, jaysa, rjz

## Site

* New TV installed
  * they put the old ocf in the storage room :(
* Stickers installed on new PCs
* Labmap needs to be updated
  * it is just an svg file
* Stats working on Nix?
  * TODO
    * oliverni: need to work on a couple more things on new desktops
    * ocfsuspend, stats, lockkill, ocf-notify (lab closing, printer notifications)
* michael: working on nix desktop gnomification
  * based
    * who said that
      * me: rjz
    * kde is difficult to configure
      * its just weird, no command line option to configure
    * is gnome more intuitive?
      * laksith: def with the dash to dock extension etc…
      * yes - luke
* Running out of off-site backup space
  * rjz will work on this
  * tape?????????
    * lemurseven: i support :thumbs_up:
* oopho6bo is back up
* printlist is back up

## Internal/External

* can maybe assign updating labmap to design comm?
  * svg in github labmap repo


* alumni stuff sent out for tech talks, awaiting responses
* GM tonight
  * yes
* 21 new staff in projects. Hand out staff permissions? Will make a forms and send in the new staff server.
  * yep
* Projects are pretty good, P1 going pretty well, Ronit is working with P2 closely (thx!), Will borrow an old pc to P3 to learn (rjz wiped SSD)

## Decal

* Experimental decal laptops estimated delivery on Friday :(
  * 15 laptops
* Normal track: lecture happened yesterday, went pretty well
  * having better lec attendance than last year(?)

## Buysheet

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)

some parts purchased


## Design/Marketing Comm?

oliver: last week someone came in wanting to talk about design

want ocf design to be more cohesive

used to be external

no one is thinking about design rn

want to run a trial marketing comm? informal for this semester and maybe officially make it a committee next semester


\
ronitnath: opstaff projects. , want to talk about resource allocation

 \ntabi: most people haven't heard about this… and it would be great to have a formal marketing team.

jeda: the reason that opstaff took over marketing was that external wasn't.

tabi: there's people who are very qualified with like more experience with the area.

ronit: we've tried to do this before, and don't want to have a similar situation like external that exists for a bit and folds

tabi: if there are opstaff who want to do marketing they can just join in.

oliver: marketing, design and social media are a bit more accessible than the technical side. and there's a lot of elements that are needed for the ocf that doesn't have enough people working on these things.

do we have people who might be interested in heading this committee.


note: what if we host <https://penpot.app/> for this


adjourned at 7:52