# 6 | 10/02/2024

Directors in attendance:

* jaysa
* lukepeters
* oliverni
* laksith
* lemurseven
* jedakrisnell
* fengyihuang
* storce
* rjz
* bplate
* tabi
* ronitnath
* adi
* joiew
* danliu
* erdaifuu


Guests in attendance:

* sawansri
* rsang\*
* jingwen


\*guests were added to bod

Meeting Minutes:

* laksith
* rjz?

# Agenda

## RT

.studentorg migration. Anything on their

* joe: rt is going p good. is there anything that the student orgs have to do for the migration'?
  * oliver: they should make sure that their site still works after the migration. wordpress sites have like a base url and ppl might have to change this. for custom sites they'll need to change all hardcoded urls
  * [ocf.io/s/subdomain-migration](https://ocf.io/s/subdomain-migration)
* ronitnath: there's an org that got sorried in 2023 and we reenabled in feb 2024 and they were hacked by an Indonesian gambling website. they sent a long email with a lot of stuff. we've responded and they've also been coming in. they're kinda mad but we've asked them to wait. for the enable tech case we don't know why they got sorried.
  * rjz: will look into this as previously left a note about being compromised.
  * ronitnath: all the files in there were related to gambling and not wordpress.
  * asked them to rebuild it completely.
  * jaysa: people are attached to their compromised websites… so hard to get them onboard to fully re-writing it.
  * rjz: will come to lab and look into it
* joe: staff hours are going really well. CC officers when doing hostmaster requests, correct to more specific
* ronit: saw a guy who wanted to reserve a domain. but we have a policy of having a website before a request. but do we really care??
  * oliverni: this is not our policy but the hostmasters website
  * jaysa: should we care?
  * ronit: we should care a little bit as we don't want to have skeleton ghost websites.
  * laksith: squatters?
    * ronit: we usually need to have a registered rso before getting a domain. and this would be a lead center issue with fake issue
  * jaysa: for now continue with the policy

## Opstaff

* Stay hydrated!!!!
* Pay period 2 done: $3021 off CACSSF
  * There are a total of 8 pay periods in the semester. jaysa + jeda will keep an eye on it.
* Starting 1:1s with Opstaff next week
  * Talking about next semester plans, generally checking in
  * might need to hire at the end of this semester. will get final count post 1:1
    * jaysa: if it's only needed for one semester have volunteer staff cover??
    * jeda: will talk a bit more in person but def possible
* Talked with marketingcomm with Opstaff, no real interest
  * Probably wants to collab more than be in the comm
  * tabi: def interested in attending meetings etc… to give inputs but unsure if they'd be able to contriubte
* I think bridge between Slack and Discord is down
  * Some Opstaff are just using Slack, so I've been relaying info to Discord
* Ongoing projects: signage ("Home of Joe Wang", where to print?), socials (Minecraft, Halloween), merch (stickers, shirts)
  * I know marketingcomm is probably doing merch, but Jo chef'd this up
    * Still a work in progress, but the idea is a frat rush shirt LMAO
    * Critique:
      * Everyone agrees it's super cute and adorable
      * staff specific shirt not for users
    * send design over to jaysa and figure out sourcing t-shirts
* Lab map:
  * It's in progress and in the slack
  * knives has access to all the hostnames etc… to get it to completion
* Recommended projects:
  * jeda: put things in here if you have any other recs
    * ty ronit
  * ronitnath: list of classes which requires classes to print something (e.g. chem labs) and a graphic to circulate among those classes to tell them to come print their lab manual/etc at the OCF
    * Need to communicate with their course staff to figure out how many pages they need, since often can exceed 20 pages per lab manual
  * ronitnath: graphic for reshalls to post on notice boards that their money goes towards free printing pages at the OCF

## Administrivia

* jaysa: got rid of some e-waste, still some left. will be updated next time e-waste bin is available
* jaysa: in contact w/ SUFMO staff (filson) who are looking into my operations request for regular used toner pickup
* jaysa: possible OCF fee? mixed feelings
  * There's several ASUC programs like SUPERB, the pottery studio etc… who want to increase the fee by like $9 and want the OCF on board with it.
  * jaysa: not really feeling super hot about this as don't really want to increase the fee for students. and our funding sources are kinda reliable-ish
  * tabi: will this go through if we're not onboard?
    * jaysa: not likely as we have a lot of leverage. and changing our source of funding might cut off our current sources
  * oliverni: it's super weird that we have to apply every semester but would be great to make this more fixed.
    * jaysa + ronitnath will look into this.
  * ronitnath: if you do a maximum utility thing our current thing is really good. even though we have to do paperwork.
  * jaysa: it's annoying to have to play this game of asking a bit more as they never cover what we ask for fully.
  * tabi: do we get a say in where the money will go if we do the fee? - no
  * ronitnath: will go to senate next week. this is right after BOD.
  * rjz: i'm in favor actually
* jaysa: ASUC week 6 report done
* jaysa: dev from ATDP coming in at \~7:30 to recruit
  * Dev: not short for developer, works in the school of education and works for a summer out reach program. Been involved with the ocf from 2017. Meghan Fox was the lead advisor, and she really helped push the ocf lab space be the home for high school students in the bay area.
  * From our perspective this is community outreach. There's now the question of what this partnership is supposed to be. And we've been going along with the absolute minimum so far as we're all super busy.
  * Looking for maybe one or two people to maintain a through line as the gm changes.
  * since gm changes every semester
  * Teaching a new class to teach JS etc… and would like to recruit people who are interested in doing this. Planning on sticking around for general.
  * laksith is interested but ppl dont want me cause im old sadge :(
* nominate rsang

## Site

* rjz: oliver how was the cups CVE handled?
  * le 9.9 cvss!!1
  * oliver: oh yeah. there was an RCE in cups
  * disabled cups-browsed because we don't use it anyway
    * *cups*-*browsed:* a helper daemon to browse the network for remote CUPS queues and IPP network printers and automatically create local queues
  * No one was able to execute remote code
  * why does the puppeted desktops run cups??
    * none of the nix desktops run their own cups
* oliver: changed pdf viewer to fix force rasterize issues
  * now using GNOME papers! but had to patch it to add a bigger print button
  * okular has too many buttons
* oliver: removed google docs enforcer
  * print jobs seem to work fine!
  * no one knows what the original issue was :(
* oliver: papercut is back online!
  * thanks to etw!!!!
  * one of the trays is broken, need new tray. on buysheet
    * do we want to ask our printer people to get us one?
    * or rjz procurement services
      * around \~$85 on ebay - rjz
    * trust rjz to get reliable printer
* laksith & oliver spent a lot of time today debugging broken PCs
  * some motherboards fail to bios flashback, fixed by putting old CPU and flashing from the existing bios
  * snowball (the one someone knocked over) works with a 8600G. sorta
    * green flashes on screen
      * only motherboard
    * ethernet doesn't work
    * but wifi works
  * also debugged the broken PC from a long time ago that was in the server room?
    * motherboard dead, will RMA
  * also emailed fractal design about the misaligned feet on some of them
  * L -rjz
    * will come and take a look
  * joe: thoughts on PC building druing GM?
    * oliverni: it needs to be supervised as we found some incomplete PCs
    * jaysa: we probably should dedicate veteran staff to it. and not really walk away.
  * jaysa: gnome real?
    * lemurseven: gnome requires GDM
      * but gdm doesn't work well with…
      * replace kde apps with gnome loll
* tip for opstaff: if new PCs say they are out of disk, or they have a black screen with only a blinking cursor in the top left, just reboot the computer
  * are aware of these issues, will fix
* do we want to stock some masks (free) in ocf? rjz has a bunch of masks that will expire early next year

## Internal & External

* Board Game social this saturday!!
  * 4pm
  * if you want to come earlier and pick up the games come at 3
* Got 4 responses for tech talks - will send out scheduling soon
* haloween social will be announced soon ish
* joe: will be giving staff previleges.
* fengyihuang: Sunday socials

## Decal

* this week's lec on systemd! super fun yay!!!
* laptops arrived and have been tested and labelled
* puppet vs nix?
  * oliver wants  to nix the puppet
  * laksith is also on board, we can get this done if we have time
  * jaysa: keep it on the easier side.
  * oliver: nix is this whole thing
* Do I want to pre-record lectures???
  * maybe depends on if I want to sleep tn
  * students would rather have it in person yay!

## Finance

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)

* OCF is no longer listed on the donation website.


adjourned at 2006