# 7 | 10/09/2024

Directors in attendance:

* bplate
* danliu
* storce
* erdaifuu
* laksith
* jaysa
* rjz
* oliverni
* lemurseven
* adi
* tabi
* joiew
* rsang
* jedakrisnell
* ronitnath
* kimcpape


Guests in attendance:

* sawansri\*
* chenghaoli
* jingwen


 Guests with \* have been appointed to BoD.

Meeting Minutes:

* rjz


# Agenda

## RT

* nothing??

## Opstaff

* Started 1:1s with Opstaff this week
  * ½ hour meetings, Generally asking how they've been, how I'm doing as OM, thoughts on OCF peeps, any incidents, if they're returning next semester, and if they are interested in becoming OM
    * Any questions to add?
      * \
  * Already completed 3/5
  * Notes: opstaff noticed increased population in lab, more volunteer staff involvement/cohesion (especially with new staff!), some interested in OM
  * say hi to opstaff! we are friendly people. we want to know your names
* Pay period 3 is done this weekend
  * Should be a little more because Opstaff gets paid half an hour for 1:1s
* Project updates:
  * Eleonore really wants a Minecraft social, Instagram post up (IG: @ucbocf), someone took up the course list project about courses that may need printing, new wallpaper is done, in gdrive
* ronit: re: ocf utilization are we at or near worrying levels?

  doesn
  * printing process streamlining?
  * hasn't got to the point that we needed to close
  * but ran out of paper :(((
    * bring your own paper ocf printing?? ™️ BYOP
      * noooo what if jam - rjz
  * doesn't hurt to streamline when busy

## Administrivia

* jaysa: using asuc.org/donate portal instead, Donate page of docs
  * people need to fill in ocf name
  * maybe have a donation doc page?
  * will include tax writeoff section
* jaysa: emailed asuc@spaces.org asking about shared storage room space w/ yearbook
  * apparently cages have issues with rats, so can't be used for archives…? "explicitly forbidden for archival uses"
    * apparently the rats issue is bad @ hearst n other places
  * anyone have other ideas?
* jaysa: ASUC instagram will post us :)
  * like ad for volunteer staff
* rjz: paper shipment from staples on the 10th
  * oop staples not shipped
  * quill ghosted me :(((((((
    * will grab paper tmrw morning
    * rjz: or maybe i can do instacart from costco to here?
* laksith: $$$ (JS)
  * They give us - 5k (one time for DeCal) + 25k / yr (for the next 4 years)
  * We give them - put their branding on the DeCal laptops, tech talk to OCF members, guest lecture to DeCal students and merch / branding
    * for the 25k/yr, we can put sponsored messages on whatever we use it for
      * e.g. studentorg VMs MOTD
  * jaysa: do they print money?
* oliverni: HKN wants to run EECS day
  *  Nov. 9 12-4
  * need to close lab for 4 hours

## Site

* grafana cert expired
* oliver: ocf-suspend and lockkill work but don't play well with sddm (doesn't come back up)
  * i'm writing a new greeter bc clearly that's the solution :)
  * any design ideas, feel free to DM me

## Internal/External

* Collecting responses for alumni tech talk
* Recurring Sunday social - Feng
* Recruitment:
  * retention still pretty good!
  * Projects going well except the Barcode Scanner project
  * Handing out more things to do + teaching more about OCF
  * over the next few gms teach more about ocf infra

## Marketing

* jaysa: which designs do we want to re-print?
  * tabi: ppl like the embroidered one, maybe in different colors?
  * jeda: make another general ocf tshirt?
* rjz: how many shirts do we have left?
  * we haven't taken inventory on in… we might have run out of specific sizes
* if you don't want to fill out PR yourself, send receipts to jaysa (jaysa@ocf.berkeley.edu)
  * can i send you like 15 -rjz /jk

## Decal

* lowish attendance this past week - midterm season :(
* kinda overshot expectations previous week on the experimental decal


# Vote on banning someone

* <https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/docs/membership/banning/>
* Rundown:
 * harassment behavior
  * Banning roll call:
    * 16 out of 16 votes

#

## Finance


[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)


\
Adjourned at 20:15