# 8 | 10/16/2024

Directors in attendance

* jaysa
* rjz
* kian
* storce
* laksith
* oliverni
* jedakrisnell
* erdaifuu
* leters
* lemurseven
* joiew
* tabi
* kimcpape
* inurzhanov
* sawansri

Guests in attendance

* lic
* trinityc
* jingwen

Meeting minutes

* jaysa


# Agenda

## RT

* joe: all good!!
* we open accounts manually for non-rso groups (i.e. labs). many small research projects that are Berkeley-affiliated request this type of acct
  * how generous should we be?

## Opstaff

something

* Finished one-on-ones with Opstaff
  * General trends: **needs more socials** (within Opstaff and with general staff), all has been integrated well with new hires and returners, feels respected all around, noticed things get fixed faster this semester, make sure Opstaff knows your names :)
  * Pressing matters: more Opstaff and staff cohesion (Halloween social will help!), make sure computers are working before you leave if you move around the plugs, **clean around the lab even if it's not your trash**
    * All but one returning: Eleonore going study abroad
    * All who aren't graduating are interested in OM
    * projected to hire 3 in Spring
* Pay period done: $3058.75 from CACSSF
* Planning to have an Opstaff social: Jollibee and Minecraft (joe: yessss)
  * This is really important to me because I'm Filipino: Jollibee (Filipino fried chicken) is open in Alameda
* Opstaff made aware of person we banned
  * Showed picture and name/user
* More transparent communication: fairly little interaction when Opstaff messages in Slack (very least put like an emoji/reaction so we know it was acknowledged)
  * \
    * LMAO any ideas about this? It's been happening during Knives and Tabi shifts
      * oliver: prolly has  something to do with tea4cups
      * rjz: if its tea4cups will send an error report
        * oliverni: i didnt get one
* Easier way for users to change their username?
  * rjz: what if we just changed it in ldap
    * oliverni: we need to make their home directory, other stuff
      * make opstaff able to do this?
        * oliverni can write a script that wraps approve
* Halloween social input -Isabelle
  * Date: do we prefer saturday 10/26 or sunday 10/27 (around 6-9pm)
    * trad on sat
    * Sunday this time.
  * Food: order food like last time (curry pizza house, other options?) or potluck style (I'll bring snacks/drinks, people can buy/bring food if they'd like)
    * need help w/ transportation
  * Pls give input it'd be very helpful for me thank you!
  * I'll make and send out an RSVP soon

## Administrivia

* rjz: get color printer set up and see how it works w/ cups
  * where to put? will figure out later
* package pickup
* Toner disposal: can dispose old toners in the ewaste area, just label it
  * gonna go down after BoD to check
* decorate the lab for halloween
* meeting w/ Henry/ asuc finance re: EIN & receiving donation on Fri
* jaysa has been talking to sawansri about docs

## Site

* oliver: Not much this week from me, still working on greeter
* kinn is working on grafana / lab stats revamp
  * using prometheus
* knives working on labmaps?
  * opstaff use
* Kinn also working on labmap?
  * using a game engine (godot)
  * \
* no overlap

## Internal/External

* Invited 3 people for tech talks
* elliot, cooperc, thomson Nov 6, 20 and Dec 4 respectively
* cooperc confirmed for Nov 20
  * input on presentation topics?
  * see ideas here: <https://docs.google.com/forms/d/13teykfX3uX_W-_XF7399FALvz_QbvXX4NOebiZmJzf4/edit#response=ACYDBNi4zAefBD7RrAaRBT2FPf7aJ035nFMI0GsfwkizwhxsZMLegQa91Ru0ZAzt6nXuJSU>
  * state of open source, gamedev etc.
* Thomson emailed saying unable to do Dec 4
  * luke will offer up Oct 30th, Nov 13th
  * if he cant make either, he can come in Spring
* Boardgame social - Root!
  * this saturday, 1 PM
* Week after halloween social: SLIDESHOW NIGHTTTT BABY prepare your slides
  * share them with jaysa@ocf.berkeley.edu
    * no
      * D:
    * no
* Halloween social (sunday 10/27)
  * Will announce during GM today
  * DRESS UP IN A COSTUME. or get stuffed in the penguin suit……

## Decal

* MT season :(
* experimental track has been great so far
* cpf for spring 2025 submitted to eecs chair
  * waiting on their approval to send to coci

## Marketing

* sending ads out to lab classes that they can print here
  * Bio 1A, 1B, Chem 1A etc. etc.
  * Finding all the instructors and getting their contacts, and finding out their printing volume
  * ronitnath: ocflib quota special category??
    * complicated
* jaysa: What shirts do we want to remake
  * club penguin, blue **embroidered one**, ocf jackets
    * colors: multiple color options
* ocf hoodie / ocf jackets
  * yes

<https://ocf.io/buysheet>


\
7:45