# 9 | 10/23/2024

Directors in attendance:

* lukepeters
* rjz
* jaysa
* storce
* fengyihuang
* lemurseven
* ronitnath
* tabi
* jedakrisnell
* laksith
* danliu
* erdaifuu
* bplate
* kimcpape
* joiew
* rsang


Guests in attendance:

* jingwenyang\*


* lic

Guests marked with \* have been appointed to BoD


Meeting Minutes: rjz

# Agenda

## RT

* Need password reset for Cal Cycling
  * need root
* Need approve latest PRs


## Opstaff

* Pay period 4 complete this weekend
  * PRs on monday
* Banned guy came last Thursday LMAO
  * not sure if he will be coming in for a hearing
* Common issues
  * 4/7 Opstaff have experienced printers randomly not working
    * Solution: have you tried turning it off and on again?
    * ethernet cable? tea4cups? ??? ???
  * Error message even though it still printed and subtracted from the total pages
    * tech staff: review ocflib messages
  * Some computers still have force rasterization issue
* [RSVP for Halloween social!](https://forms.gle/yQ1QLZAzbwBvgerf8)
  * Please promo to GM as well!! -Isabelle
  * food from CPH
  * Sunday 5-8pm
* Opstaff Fall social comped? please? :')
  * yes
* Can someone use the laminator for the new "where else to print?" sign?
* We talked briefly about the color printer: some were iffy, more or less **concerned about the logistics**, but it would be nice
  * rjz will handle maintenance
  * rjz: I think we should implement a separate quota for color
* It's been a busy midterm season so not that many project updates, but expect more next week!
* OCF overheard channel LMAO
  * lol
* fuser/maint kit delivered

## Administrivia


* Color printing tested to be working through CUPS/tea4cups!!
  * decide: how many pages per day/per semester?
  * should we deduct pages via a multiplier or set up a color printing quota?
    * separate quota is good
    * might need to get slightly better paper 24/28lbs
    * might want to get input from users, gform qr code
    * daily quota should be even number
    * 6/40?
* jane street invoice request submitted
  * :money_mouth_face:
* will stack toner boxes more neatly in the future
* 3d printed decorations :))
* ATDP sent over contract for lab use\n

## Site

* we have more pc parts! need to finish building
* **need to pick up stuff from amazon hub tonight, need 2 ppl**
* new lockscreen design?
  * v cool wallpaper


## Internal & External

* elliot confirmed for Nov 6 - will reach out and coordinate logistics, advertisement soon
  * food? or refreshments during talks?
    * drinks?
    * replaces GM
    * flyers
* second tech talk, cooperc Nov 20 during GM
* thomson not available for alt tech talk time slots - will try again in spring
* may offer slot to abizer

## Marketing

* jaysa: will get stickers figured out tn for real


## Decal

* Talk to laksith if you want to show off cool stuff to the experimental decal!!
  * rjz: templeos
    * bplate: Seconded
    * laksith: ~~Vetoed~~, maybe optional at the end
  * rjz: ZFS!!!
    * laksith: sure, can do a filesystems lecture and you can show off ZFS
      * zfs n btrfs

        rjz: i love zfs zfs has saved my ass
      * laksith: i love ceph for the same reason\n

## PS

donation of old pcs to BSC?

need to wipe disks

## Buysheet

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)