2015-06-26
OCF Board of Directors Meeting (special session) (virtual meeting)
Transcription by ckuehl.

We need to amend our constitution to be compliant with the LEAD Center's
constitution template and to be a registered student organization for Fall 2015
(important for a bunch of reasons).

At the end of last semester, BoD consisted of:

- ckuehl
- kpengboy
- mattmcal
- nickimp
- peterwu
- tmochida
- willh

We can only amend our Constitution during a General Meeting. Instead, we will
provisionally amend it, and later revisit the amendments during a General
Meeting, at which time they can be revised or officially approved.

A 2/3 majority (5, in this case) is required to approve a constitutional
amendment.

The proposal, written by kpengboy, is to:

  * Update section 2.2.1 to match exactly the wording required by the LEAD
    Center.
  * Update section 8.1.3 similarly.
  * Repeal section 3.1.2 which is now redundant given section 2.2.1.

A diff of the content (excluding formatting and dates):

	 ##### 2.2.1 Eligibility
	-Active membership status is restricted to currently registered students,
	-faculty, and staff. Only active members may vote or hold office.
	+Only currently registered students, faculty, and staff may be active members in
	+a registered student organization. Only active members may vote or hold office.

	-##### 3.1.2 Eligibility
	-All elected officers must be <a href="#active_members">Active Members</a>.
	+##### 3.1.2 .......
	+*[Repealed for redundancy with section 2.2.1.]*

	 ##### 8.1.3 ASUC Records
	-All amendments, additions, or deletions must be filed with the ASUC Student Affairs Office
	-within one week of adoption, and must be in consonance with University of California and
	-ASUC regulations and policies.
	+All amendments, additions or deletions to this document must be filed with the LEAD Center.

As outlined by bylaw #5, all directors were included in the request for votes.
The following responses were received within 72 hours:

	[Yes] ckuehl
	[Yes] kpengboy
	[Yes] mattmcal
	[Yes] nickimp
	[Yes] peterwu
	[Yes] tmochida
	[Yes] willh

By unanimous vote, the amendment is provisionally adopted.
