OCF BoD Meeting 03-14-02

Attendance
Name			Login		BoD?
Steve Callahan		calman		Y
Wayne Chan		wyc		Y
Stephen McCamant	smcc		Y
Samson Asfam		sasfaw		N
Frank Ho		fho		Y
Brett Cannon		bac		Y
Solitaire MacIan	smacian		N
Derek Chan		dwc		Y
Suzie Tang		suztang		N
Stephanie Hou		stephhou	N
Jacob Scott		jhs		N
Jeff Emrich		jeffe		N
Jimmy Kittiyachavalit	jkit		N
Robert Yeh		robyeh		N
Akop Pogosian		akopps		N
Travis Reynolds		tiv		Y


Agenda:
GM Report
SM Report
Old Business
New Business
BoD Elections

	GM Report:
We have lots of new staff as you all can see.  This is a good thing (tm)

	SM Report:
harassment by kwc: no conclusive evidence to connect the gay porn of signups to him.
However, timetable of events is suggestive. (sorrying, porn sign up).  He then used the bst account
(Berkeley Students for Sovereign Taiwan) and locked the same console.  Gabe sent an email to their webmaster.

the two new servers are setup.

samba on supernova: installed, started, but up and running yet.

<long discussion about sorrying accounts> general opinion is against sorrying the group accounts,
 wyc is against anyone sorrying kwc

<discussion about bst, tsa (taiwan student association), difference between two>

Steve Callahan will deal with future issues since user has feeling of being singled out and harassed.
"Calvin Chang" User has threatened to go to the ASUC and to tell other students about the problems he is having.
suztang is willing to go in front of the ASUC and testify for us if it comes up.

	Old Business:

	New Business:
Bill for Rules on Locking
Frank motions to create a policy on locking consoles.
	1 Hour lockout period on all machines
		1st time logged out and warned
		2nd time subject to being sorried.
Suzy Tang Seconds
Shown on record Wayne Chan (wyc) abstains.
Bill passes

Bill on Infinite Justice
Before we do anything like this, GM will e-mail ASUC Judiciary Committee about sorried users using group accounts and
what they might want to do about it.


CnS is going to start charing us for bandwidth per connection...
Akop says CnS charges per connection that they manage, and they don't even provide us with connections...
	it is a new campus policy and 
Looking in to this.


Mentoring and involving new staffers in OCF
	Find high traffic time of the week, have the new poeple come in.
Suzy and Stephanie will get together on this.
	Thursday at 11 AM, Friday afternoons etc  (Suz & Stephanie will look into good times for "teaching hours.")
Compile a list of FAQ's (e.g. "How to proint Black Lightning Notes" or "Where's the internet" or "How to fix windows printing")

	BoD Elections
JHS		passes
Akopps		passes
Stephanie	passes

SMCC moves to close meeting
Travis seconds
Meeting closed.
