Attendance

Name			login		BoD?
Randy Chung		aoshi		N
Derek Chan		dwc		Y
Susie Tang		suztang		Y
Jacob Scott		jhs		Y
Emily Watt		ewhatt		N
Brett Cannon		bac		Y
Frank Ho		fho		Y
Stephen McCamant	smcc		Y
Akop Pogosian		akopps		Y
Patrick Feyh		cpfeyh		Y
Wayne Chan		wyc		Y
Daniel Rogers		dsrogers	Y
Stephen Callahan	calman		Y
Travis Reynolds		tiv		Y


	Agenda
GM Report
SM Report
PIMP Report
Old Business
New Business



Agenda

	GM Report
Budget: $22,000.00--> We will be appealing.


	SM Report
SMC--> not much.
wyc--> New Linux boxes in the rack.  It is currently experimental.  We are putting an LDAP image on there.  Did some other
basic stuff like fixing the wireless antenna.
Blizzard was having HDD trouble, Bem is looking into it, we'll prolly have Sun replace it under warranty.
	Workstation # on the back of the system, HDD serial # somewhere else.


	PIMP Report
looking at second printer (HP 4100N) 1100 paper tray.  Duplexer, maintenance kit.  The guy at HP works strange hours,
but Dan will give him his home phone and the hours he will be in the OCF so he can contact him AFTER:
	Do we want to get the 8000 instead?
Dan will research the difference between the two (e.g. are the toner cartridges the same etc.) and make a reccomendation
next week.


	Old Business
Turn off
	telnet?  We all agree yes, but... when & how?
		If the users are really aware of the choice they are making, maybe we should let them use it.  One idea is to
		pick one of the login servers set aside as "insecure.ocf.berkeley.edu" =P
Dan motions that we will announce on May 1st that we will turn off telnet on June 1st (Web page on how to get ssh to be
	made by Akop)  Fho seconds.   Motion Passes

Dan moves that we table all other "turn off services" until later.
jhs seconds.
motion passes.
	ftp?	later
	SMTP?	later
	POP?	later


	New Business
KDE 3
	Dan has been building KDE 3 over the past couple of weeks...
	It has better Solaris support, preference files transfer easily, etc.
	Do we want to use KDE 3 to replace KDE2 and CDE?  Seems like people want to.
	Seems like we can move to KDE 3 next week.  This can be discussed by the people who will do it.
Cal Day
	Next Saturday (04-20) is Cal Day.  Suzy thinks we probably ought to table...  It is from 9-4.  We can print some fliers,
	We may have to register to get a table etc.  People will discuss it over e-mail.

Staff Social!  See your staff e-mail.

Travis motions to close the meeting
jhs seconds
Metting closed.
