Path: agate!ucbvax!OCF.BERKELEY.EDU!kenji
From: kenji@OCF.BERKELEY.EDU (Kenji Hubbard)
Newsgroups: ucb.org.ocf
Subject: Minutes of BoD Meeting Thursday 9/16/93
Message-ID: <199309171837.AA10413@maelstrom.berkeley.edu>
Date: 17 Sep 93 18:37:02 GMT
Sender: daemon@ucbvax.BERKELEY.EDU
Reply-To: bod@ocf.Berkeley.EDU
Organization: Open Computing Facility, University of California, Berkeley
Lines: 138


	Sorry about the delay in posting the minutes.  Had a bit of net
trouble trying to get on anything at Berkeley when I was done with typing
these minutes.  -K
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	     Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting
			Thursday, September 16, 1993

Present at this meeting: (BoD Members denoted by a *):

*Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf)		Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)
*Lars Nathan Smith (lars@ocf)		Jean Yim (jyim@ocf) (new BoD member)
Marcelino Enriquez (marc@ocf)		ERic Mehlhaff (mehlhaff@ocf)
*Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)		*David Shy (shyguy@ocf)
*Chris L. Williams (clw@ocf)		*Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)
Thomas Cheshire Moore (moray@ocf)	*Johnathan W. Lin (jwlin@ocf)

A quorum of BoD members was present.  The meeting was called to order at
approximately 7:05 p.m. by Keir Morgan, OCF General Manager.

Absent BoD Members:

Peter Norby (norby@ocf)			Julian Leong (jules@ocf) (resigned)
Steve Huntsberry (steveh@ocf)

AGENDA:

	o Announcements
	o Site Manager Report
	o UCLink Discussion
	o Group Accounts
	o OCF Positions

Announcements:

	Keir Morgan opened the meeting by welcoming the Board and the other
OCF members present to the first BoD Meeting of Fall Semester 1993.

	Julian Leong (jules@ocf) sent word that he resigned from the BoD.

	Somewhere around this point, Keir asked that someone take down the
minutes of the Board Meeting.  Kenji with some reluctance agreed to take
down the minutes.  [Gee, it's not that bad. =)]

	Keir asked the Site Manager about the help sessions.  Lars announced
that there will be a Introductory UNIX Help Session tomorrow at 4 p.m. in
the Hogan Room on the 5th floor of Cory Hall, another one on Tuesday in 145
Dwinelle at 7 p.m.  After those two help sessions, the OCF will hold help
sessions on a single topic at a time, probably in conjunction with the CSUA
(Computer Science Undergraduate Association) and XCF (Experimental Computing
Facility).  The general plan is to hold one meeting about one topic at a time
in a large lecture hall (possibly 1 PSL) followed by a hands-on session down
in the OCF the following week (but attending the lecture isn't a
pre-requisite).

Site Manager Report:

	Lars reported that the machines have been running pretty stable and
that we are getting a lot of new accounts lately.  At 5 p.m. at LaVal's
Pizza in Northside a meeting was held for OCF members interested in joining the
ranks of staff.  It went pretty well, although note was made that future
meetings will be held someplace more quiet.  ERic Mehlhaff was introduced as
the newly appointed Systems Manager.  The Systems Manager is in charge of
keeping the machines running, maintenance, system upgrades, and related
matters.  Discussions were made about writing some documents to assist new
staff members in their duties, and the persons interested in becoming staff
will receive training.

UCLink Discussion:

	UCLink has announced that they have stopped accepting new account
applications temporarily due to too much load on their present system.  Keir
noted that we can stress that the OCF still is around during this
temporary situation by UCLink.  It doesn't really affect the OCF in the short
run, if we have a bunch of new account applications we can handle that.

Group Accounts:

	In the past, the group account policy was that groups requesting
group accounts had to pay a fee of $5 every semester (and $3 during the
summer).  The BoD had decided to waive this fee in cases where there was a
financial problem for a group.  Appealing the fee is by coming before the
Board and requesting such a waiver.

	We have at least seven groups, not a lot of money to be collected.
The purpose of the fee was not to collect money but to make sure that not
just 'anyone' requested a group account, as group accounts have to be
monitored more closely by OCF Staff, etc.

	Lars asked if we should waive the fee for University-recognized
groups, the interpretation of this to be left to the BoD.  The Board voted
7 to 0 in favor of this motion by Lars.

OCF Positions:

	Appointed positions in the OCF to be filled were:  Treasurer,
Secretary, EJC (Engineers Joint Council) Rep.  The elected position needed
to be filled for a week's term is a position on the DuMB (Disk Usage
Management Board) to replace Lars, who resigned when he was elected Site
Manager at last week's General Meeting.

	Keir explained that the purpose of the DuMB is to approve/disapprove
of OCF members' requests for an increase in disk quota for special projects
that benefit the OCF.

	Nominations for filling the one-week term were then held.  Kenji
Hubbard and Tom Moore were nominated.  The BoD voted as follows:

		Kenji Hubbard (kenji): 2 votes
		Tom C. Moore (moray):  4 votes

	    with one abstention.

	Runes Stromsness (runes) volunteered to be the secretary and was
appointed.

	A call of volunteers for treasurer was made.  John Lin (jwlin)
volunteered to be the Treasurer and was appointed.

	The Board decided to defer looking for a EJC Rep. until the next BoD
Meeting.  Keir will attend the next EJC meeting and attend to the EJC Rep.'s
duties until a EJC Rep is appointed.  The EJC Rep. is our liason with the
Engineers' Joint Council, a umbrella of student organization


OPEN DISCUSSION:

	Jean Yim (jyim) was nominated as a new BoD member, and the Board
took a vote.  All Board members present were in favor of Jean's nomination
to the Board (7-0).

	Keir then closed by mentioning that the next General Meeting will be
held in 120C Bechtel next Thursday at 7pm.  The meeting was then adjourned.

				Respectfully submitted,

				Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf.Berkeley.EDU)
				OCF Staff/BoD
