	     Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting
			Thursday, September 30, 1993

Present at this meeting: (BoD Members denoted by a *):

*Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf)              *Lars Nathan Smith (lars@ocf)
*David Shy (shyguy@ocf)                 *Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)
*Chris L. Williams (clw@ocf)            *Johnathan W. Lin (jwlin@ocf)
Partha S. Banerjee (psb@ocf)

A quorum of 6 BoD members was made at approximately 7:30 when David
Shy arrived.

Since the last meeting, Peter Norby (norby@ocf) had resigned from the BoD.
Steve Huntsberry (steveh@ocf) had been dropped after not attending the
attempted meeting on September 23, 1993.

Before quorum was achieved, there were discussions regarding:

* Reregistration for next semester:
The possibilities of doing reregistration electronically with or without
obtaining a database of SID's and names were discussed.

* Guest accounts:
The members discussed the idea of creating an official policy to allow
"Guest" accounts.  These would be for people who would otherwise be
inelligible for OCF accounts but who the BoD feels should have an
account due to some benefit the person is providing the OCF.

* Help Sessions
Keir Morgan gave a short status report on the help sessions so far, and
gave a list of possible topics for the future.

* Site Manager report
Lars Smith reported that there has been a cracked account discovered
recently, that there are still lots of accounts being created, that
the ASUC Office of the President now has a group account and mail 
alias, and that 8 new people have asked to join the staff recently.

At this point quorum was achieved and the meeting was called to order
by Keir Morgan at approximately 7:30.

It was decided to postpone DMB elections another week in hopes of getting
people interested in the position to apply.

The board discussed the WEB survey that is being conducted by IST.  The
idea of having an OCF survey to get user feedback on the OCF was discussed
but not decided.  The board agreed that we should request the results from
the IST survey.

The board then discussed the current status of the IST proposals.  There 
was not any money allocated by the Chancellor for student computing out
of the Chancellor's Initiatives this year.  Keir and Rune will attempt
to find out the status of our requests that IST is currently reviewing.

There was then a discussion regarding the use of the money received in
the donation drive last semester.  Some members felt that we should buy
a tape drive, others a new printer, and others felt that we should wait
for the possible donation of equipment in a few months before spending
the money.  No decision was made, and it was suggested that any decision
be put before the general membership for approval when it is made.

The meeting was then adjourned at 8:25 p.m.

The next regular meeting is scheduled for 7:00 p.m. Thursday, October 7
in 120C Bechtel.


