-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

            *******     ******  ********   ******            *******  
           **/////**   **////**/**/////   /*////**          /**////** 
          **     //** **    // /**        /*   /**   ****** /**    /**
         /**      /**/**       /*******   /******   **////**/**    /**
         /**      /**/**       /**////    /*//// **/**   /**/**    /**
         //**     ** //**    **/**        /*    /**/**   /**/**    ** 
          //*******   //****** /**        /******* //****** /*******  
           ///////     //////  //         ///////   //////  ///////   
  

                       __  __           _   _             
                      |  \/  | ___  ___| |_(_)_ __   __ _ 
                      | |\/| |/ _ \/ _ \ __| | '_ \ / _` |
                      | |  | |  __/  __/ |_| | | | | (_| |
                      |_|  |_|\___|\___|\__|_|_| |_|\__, |
                                                    |___/ 

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                     Thu Sept 26, 2002 (sometime after 7)
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Attendance:
-=-=-=-=-=-

Big Brother and Big Sister:
ewhatt
wyc

Those That Bend The Matrix To Their Will:
akopps
dwc

Committe For Ruling With A Cold Hand (BoD):
katster
smacian
jones
ogle
jeffe
lululin

Matrix Benders in Training:
tee
aoshi
ajani (Agent for the Ministry of Truth)

Proletariat Aspiring to Greatness:
vendetta

Report Of The True Happenings in the World:
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
ewhatt: contacted the squelch to get an ad

wyc: no fast net from fulmer this year, no funding allocated for upgrading
networks for the rest of this school year
if we want it now, have to go through cns, that's about $8000
akop: we cannot go through cns because of territorial issues with ASUC
networking people
jones: may be worth trying to get it through cns, and not going through the ASUC closet, running the cns people through their paces

State Of The Matrix:
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
dwc: I had midterms, so all I did was replace that one mouse in heller
akop: nothing happened
luns: we have a working domain controller, but issues with saving profiles
someone: why not use home dirs?
luns: that's a security 
wyc: try to use the tda to store profiles

New Business:
-=-=-=-=-=-=-
- What is The Matrix?
  we need to have a orientation session
  we need to announce in classes
  volunteers?
  - post times of CS classes, have people sign up to talk
  - orientation at time of meeting next week?
  -- everyone ok with this

  here wyc summarizes what happened at the last orientation, and asks
  what else we can do to make the orientation more interesting and to
  increase retention
  jones: put together a pamplhet of stuff that new staff need to know,
  not basic unix stuff, but OCF specific stuff that they need to know.
  jones: we can nab people from the sysadmin decal
  wyc: can we get enough people from the sysadmin decal?
  ajani and aoshi: not sure yet
  aoshi: what's enough?
  wyc: well, enough people to have people to hang out in the lab more often

  jones: I'd be willing to table, if other people are willing to table

  vendetta (wants to be on staff): I mailed about getting on staff,
  and didn't get any response
  lots of argument ensues as to what happened, and why he didn't get a mail
  katster finally suggests that the sm can appoint a new staff coordinator
  devin volunteers, the sm's appoint him

- Forbidden Fruit... For Free?
jones: patrick mentioned integrating apples, and if we want them,
he will write apple and ask them for new ones.
  
lots of talk about integrating the macs ensues

wyc: any other buisness?
jones: does anyone want a tshirt?
jones: I have an idea for tshirts: picture of everyone, and make everyone a siloette, and put the siloette on a tshirt.
ogle: parody of OCP from robocop
wyc: Anyone want to submit t-shirt designs?
lululin: we could just get a whole bunch of designs and use cafepress.
wyc: anyone want to organize this?
Obligatory KENAO reference: KENAO, DO YOU WANT TO DO THIS?

The Touch of the Cold Hand (BoD Elections):
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
aoshi voted on by acclimation

Meeting closed by decree of the COLD HAND FROM THE BERKELEY HILLS at
Thu Sep 26 19:49:20 PDT 2002
