Bod Meeting 2002-11-07 open at 7:15pm

(notes taken by dwc)

Attendance:

bod	login
Y	ewhatt
Y	wyc
Y	aoshi
Y	kevyeung
Y	adrian
Y	akopps
Y	smacian
Y	cpfeyh
Y	remlluf
Y	lululin
Y	dwc
Y	fungus
Y	ogle
Y	jones

GM report:

none

SM report:

pimp appointed (aoshi)
tweaks to pop server pop/ssl (eudora users)
space for user profiles is on extra disk on supernova
couple of new staff...


PIMP report:

problems printing with fallingrocks
reforward last pimp mail


New business:

wireless net in mlk:
ogle: should move all the blades to one section, all in a row.
	consensus is no, spreads out users around the lab.
flood usable? no, still being worked on.
status of solaris9? testing still underway


Old business:


macosx integration: make ldap work., dwc: has talked to some rescomp people,
they dumped password tables locally... need to find way to secure it against
staff (too)

Air Conditioning? david fullmer says we might be getting new AC upgrade?
investigating

akopps: looking into buying a new tape drive.
will report back next week

do we need to spend money early? (asuc is short)
shouldn't wait until the end to spend in case they need some of it back

need to check budget

profiles: use extra athlon server (4 identical disks)
fullmer: might want to test first, (has raid 0+1 setup at home)
	should test scsi


dsafaria: devin emailed dsafaria, let him know what we had been doing in
past, what happened lately, that people on campus were trying to get the
account shutdown.  He said he wants to retain his account, and will move
his content somewhere else.

Not what we intended, but it does keep the can of worms closed, so to speak.
first amendment wise, we'd like to keep it though.  support all kinds of
artistic expression, suggests emailing sex on tuesday lady, tell story.

lululin questions whether done as staff or as user.
wyc says it would be bad
devin disagrees
wyc: ASUC is short on funding.

devin brings up asuc's art display that includes "occupational dildos" and
other nude pictures that end up on asuc site

fullmer: thinks devin's idea from last week soliciting comments on
contested content.  would need some other contested sites.

cpfeyh: what about male/female sexuality class? do they want a website with
us?
lululin: there's an erotic poetry writing class too.

what if we have devin mirror it himself and link it himself.
akop: comments about whether we should be challenging the system
devin: rehashing last week, there's a valid excuse.

fungus: don't want to offend the religious conservatives (there's at least 5)
if it's done as staff

wyc: get a student group and you can mirror it as much as you want.  should
disassociate ocf as an organization, but will link to a student group
akop: by linking, you're actively endorsing

devin: viable to not endorsing because of politics

cpfeyh: we shouldn't be scared of asuc since it would be bad for them to kick
us out just for this.

ogle: can we just retire his account but keep it open?
akop: we can, but it's not an inactive account
devin: we need real students making real content that's controversial
	need to tease the real issue out of whoever has an issue

lululin: disassociate by asking students about who cares about free content
hosting and then show the asuc

makes dsafaria a moot point, but not the free speech issue.


devin: ongoing problem should address the problem now. we can get legal help
from gay/straight alliance, queer group, student legal, boalt hall. present
as since we've had straight porn but there's been no legal challenge.



virtual hosts: 7 groups in compliance, 28 not in compliance
blue and gold used ours and modified it.  refer them to the graphic

ejc: has one without the "hosted by"


motion to close: 8:24p (cpfeyh) seconded by (wyc, lululin)
