Board of Directors meeting Apr 17, 2012
Held at OCF lounge, 7:24

In attendance:
Kevin Fang (kfang)
Felix Wong (waf)
Timothy Zhu (tzhu)
Kathryn Mock (kmock)
Raphael Townshend (raphtown)
Sanjay Krishnan (sanjayk)
Nader Morshed (morshed)
Jian Qiao (jianqiao)
Loren McIntyre (mcint)

== Open API checkup ==

Loren - Last week decided would make server to host mongodb and install packages.  Status.

Felix - Part of it been installed.  Kenny has done mongodb, not tested though.  Not sure.

Timmy - Installed on war, meltdown.

== MySql update ==

Loren - Was MySQL updated?

Felix - On machines root staff have, no.  If you have a machine, update it.

== CalDay ==

Loren - Have table on Upper Sproul.  Also plan on doing Kinex stuff.  Need people for both.  No need to table for more than 2-3 hours.

Felix - Should use WeJoinIn for time set up.

Loren - Felix is setting up a WeJoinIn.  Tabling times and labs.  Also server room tours.

Loren - 3 people in lab

== Updates from the SM ==

Felix - In process of making VMs for everyone.

Felix - New death is on its way

Felix - Epidemic had issues.  Sanjay realized nfs was exporting home directories to whole internal subnet.  Fixed.  Now only exported to a select set of machines.

Felix - Puppetting new death.  New VMs called war, meltdown to test puppetting.  Once done puppetting, will nuke both war and meltdown, and create a machine called death that will be new death.

Felix - Webmail page now actually on death instead of directing to web

Felix - Kevin has been working on image of windows that actually works now.

BOD adjourned at 7:56
