Board of Directors meeting Apr 3, 2012
Held at OCF lounge, 7:24

In attendance:
Aaron Loessberg-Zahl (amloessb)
Kevin Fang (kfang)
Dara Adib (daradib)
Kenny Do (kedo)
Felix Wong (waf)
Timothy Zhu (tzhu)
Kathryn Mock (kmock)
Raphael Townshend (raphtown)
Sanjay Krishnan (sanjayk)

== Lab Cleaning ==

GM summary -- Lab needs to be wiped down, tasks consist of: wiping down screens, cleaning keyboards with toxic-jello, and vacuuming (just table tops, floor will be done with a better vacuum)

Sanjay: how about today?  Loren bought vaccuum filters.

*Most can stay*

Sanjay: let's do it today

== Death Migration ==

GM summary -- Reminder to SMs to prepare for death migration

Sanjay: Famine has SNS notice need to migrate Death.  Need to start getting rid of postgres

== Finalized SURGE Plans ==

Sanjay: Finalized SURGE plans up

== Budget ==

Sanjay: Budget allocation is out, exactly 5% increase

== Wiki ==

GM summary -- Overview of git, reminder of how the push and publish process works and what to do when it breaks. Also brief discussion, how to populate wiki: we could migrate indiscriminately or only add new pages as needed / newly documented 

Kenny: wiki is up on blight on wiki.ocf.berkeley.edu .  Emailed link on how to edit using git (also can use web interface).  Staffwiki is now read-only, would like to start moving over pages so can redirect users to centralized location.

Sanjay: what pages to port over?

Felix: server list.

Sanjay: need legacy page for how to set up Debian.

Dara: have my notes in puppet and in personal notes

Sanjay: 3 different Debian client pages.  actually sort of useful, should port.

Sanjay: What should wiki be?

Kenny: General overview.  Refer config files if needed

Felix: Otherwise will become like old staffwiki

Kenny: When making change to source code.  Make announcement, if you feel like push it to github.

== Servers ==

Sanjay: servers need rebuilding

== SM updates ==

Felix: will make puppet/new death

Felix: Apparently been kernel update and going to update servers.  Root staff will be in charge of one machine.  E.G. One for supernova, etc…  Make sure machine is up-to-date, put MOTD, inform staff of problems… 

Felix: Dara + me teach decal.  Special topics lecture next week.  Will bring class to OCF.  If any staff can make it please do.  Just making sure BoD OK with.  Kevin, timothy, sanjay can come to talk to class.

Kenny in charge of new death
Raphael in charge of supernova, tsunami
Kathryn in charge of pestilence (DNS)
Felix in charge of jaws

== New Staff ==

Sanjay: Motion to add Nader Morshed on BoD.
*seconded by Raphael*

Unanimous

== GM Resignation ==

Dara resigns as GM.  Thank you for 2 years of service.

Loren for administrative work

Felix + Kenny for technical work


Meeting adjourned at 8:00pm.
