These are the official minutes of the OCF General Meeting of February 6, 1992.
(OCF account names are listed in parentheses.)

Those in attendance were: (in no particular order)
        Alan Coopersmith (alanc)        Eddy Karat (karat)
        E. Mark Ping (emarkp)           Hans Reiser (reiser)
        Nicholas Weaver (nweaver)       David Paschich (dpassage)
        Kier Morgan (kmorgan)           Kinshuk Govil (kinshuk)
        David Friedman (davidf)		Eric Hollander (hh)
	George Herbert (gwh)		Sean Welch (welch)
	Steve Huntsberry (steveh)	Lee Haynes (haynes)
	Partha S. Banerjee (psb)	Roy S. Rapoport (rsr)
	Adam Richter (adam)		Eric Mehlhaff (mehlhaff)

The meeting was called to order by outgoing General Manager George William
Herbert (gwh) around 7:10 pm in Sibley Auditorium.  George gave a speech (with
discussion by various others) describing the current state of the OCF.

Elections were then held.  David Friedman (davidf), Nicholas Weaver
(nweaver), and Adam Richter (adam) accepted their nominations for General
Manager (gm).  Speeches were made and questions answered.  The first round
of balloting eliminated Nicholas, but did not give a majority to any
candidate.  A run-off between David and Adam resulted in Adam's election as
General Manager for Spring 1991.

Keir Morgan (kmorgan) and Roy Rapoport (rsr) ran for Site Manager (sm).
After a lengthy question and answer session Roy was voted into office.

The Board of Directors (bod) was then elected.  All the candidates won a
spot on the board.  They were: (in the same order as above)
	Alan Coopersmith (alanc)	Eddy Karat (karat)
	E. Mark Ping (emarkp)		Hans Reiser (reiser)
	Nicholas Weaver	(nweaver)	David Paschich (dpassage)
	Kier Morgan (kmorgan)		Kinshuk Govil (kinshuk)
	David Friedman (davidf)

Mark Ping was selected as Secretary (secretary), and Keir Morgan volunteered
to be Treasurer (treasurer).

The next Board of Directors meeting will be 7 p.m. Thursday 2/13/92 in 120C
Bechtel.

	-Notes by Roy Rapoport (rsr@ocf), outgoing secretary
	-Minutes by Alan Coopersmith (alanc@ocf), acting interim secretary
	-Next week by E. Mark Ping (emarkp@ocf), newly-selected secretary
	Corrections or comments may be sent to any of the above.

