These are the Official minutes for the OCF Board of Directors meeting on
February 20, 1992.

Attendance (Logins are in parens, Board members are marked with '*'):
----------------------------------
*Adam Richter		(adam)		--General Manager
*Roy S. Rapoport	(rsr)		--Site Manager
*E. Mark Ping		(emarkp)	--Secretary
*Nicholas Weaver	(nweaver)
*Alan Coopersmith	(alanc)
*Eddy Karat		(karat)
*David Pashich		(dpassage)
*Hans Reiser		(reiser)
 Peter Norby		(norby)
 Partha S. Banerjee	(psb)
 Sean Welch		(welch)
 Leigh Haynes		(haynes)
 Adam Glass		(glass)
-----------------------------------
We broke with tradition this week, and had the meeting in 608-7 Evans.
Apparantly someone else was scheduled to use 120C Bechtel at the same time.
It was mentioned in the meeting that it might not be a good idea to have
meetings in upper Evans in the evening since security locks up
the doors and elevators around then.  (But thanks to the CSUA for getting
us a room on short notice).

Adam opened the meeting at about 7:15 and asked Roy to give his state of the
OCF address.

Roy mentioned the interesting business about the root password being
unexpectedly changed.  Either a staff member screwed up when changing
a password for someone, or a hacker got and changed the password (unlikely).

He also followed up on the incident of harrassment through email.  He sent
a letter to the alleged victim saying that it was up to them to initiate
extra-OCF action, but the OCF would be willing to send corroborating mail
to any investigators.


Adam then updated us on the SISG possibilities.  Apparantly this may look
good.  He went to a recent meeting, and submitted our mid-year report.
It was noted that an ASUC senator on FICOM was partial to the OCF.
Also ASUC minigrants are a possibility -- might be able to get $350.

AMC Computer Services Inc. may be a source of services and donations.
Adam also called Honeywell, their phone number didn't work.
It is important to be at EJC meetings, and so Partha was chosen
to be our EJC rep.

Our EJC budget is flexible; toner cartridges and a dustbuster would be good
items to purchase.
Also, Adam picked up the keys to the OCF's desk at the EJC.


Quickly reviewing donations:  George has had a cold, so didn't come to the
meeting and hadn't gotten any new leads.  Also, most of the speculative
donation of hard disks, memory, etc. has been reduced significantly, and
it was suggested that we go after the 70 Meg hard disks right away.


Disk Quotas were discussed.  The OCF has a space problem, and all board
members present (I don't remember any dissentions) believed that lowering
quotas was necessary.  The only dispute was over what the new quota should
be.  It was decided to vote between 1.5 Megs and 1 Meg.
The vote was 5-3 in favor of 1 Meg.
This was decided because the VAST majority of OCF users use well under
1 Meg.  It is only a small percentage which takes up most of the available
disk space, causing disks to fill up, and the machines to regularly crash.

Many suggestions were presented to lowering other areas of OCF disk usage
and will be looked into.  Stats will be gathered and presented to a future
board meeting.

Peter Norby asked to be on the Board of Directors and was confirmed
with a vote of 6-2.

The meeting was closed at 8:13pm.  Less than 1 hour!

After the meeting was closed, Adam mentioned that the OCF bank account
had been closed.  The total was $56.60.


  E. Mark Ping	(emarkp)
  OCF Secretary
