These are the Official Minutes of the February 27, 1992 meeting of the 
OCF Board of directors.

Those in attendance at various points included: (* marks current board members)
        *adam (general-mgr)	 gwh			*kmorgan
        *alanc			 haynes			 psb
         cjain			*karat			*rsr (site-mgr.)
        *dpassage		*kinshuk		 welch
         glass

No one has yet been dropped from the board for non-attendance, and quorum is
currently (2/3)*11 = 7.3.

Board members who missed the meeting were:
        emarkp          norby           nweaver         reiser

Site Manager Roy Rapoport opened the meeting in the initial absence of
General Manager Adam Richter.

Discussion about some possible changes to the Constitution was made, and it
was decided to table the matter until next week to allow Leigh Haynes to
prepare her recommendations.

Complaints about people using OCF facilities for commercial uses (and more
specifically using Usenet to advertise) were discussed.  After considering
the Usenet "rules", NSFNet policy, and the student group regulations, the
board decided to adopt the following policy:
	Use of the OCF for an ongoing business is prohibited.
	Notice of such use will result in such use being stopped.

The board discussed deleting any account which is not used within a month
after its creation.  It was decided that the account forms needed to be
modified to warn users of this before this policy was implemented, and Kier
volunteered to bring a modified account form to the next meeting.

Partha reported that the EJC budget request is due March 12.  Adam, Kier,
and Partha are preparing our request for next year's funding.

A committee was also formed to look into collecting and rewriting all the
policies floating around various OCF documents.

	-Alan Coopersmith
	alanc@ocf.Berkeley.edu
	Member, OCF Board of Directors (bod@ocf)
	Acting Board Secretary

