      The Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting of March 12, 1992
      ===================================================================

Board Members attending:
      Adam Richter (GM)           Kinshuk Govil
      Roy S. Rapoport (SM)        Chris Jain
      Leigh Haynes                Peter Norby
      Mark Ping                   Alan Coopersmith

Non-Board Members attending:
      Partha S. Banerjee		Sean Welch

Reports:
    --Roy reported that staff has been busy this week reformatting earthquake's
      hard disk.  Also a user was warned to stop using his account for 
      commercial purposes.  The board asked Roy to report on all accounts
      turned off for disciplinary actions.

    --Adam reported that he turned in our budget request for next year to the
      Engineering Joint Council.  We request $1000 for toner cartridges and 
      paper for the laser printers.   He also discussed looking into printing
      from the XCF until the OCF printers are fixed.  [Update: as of 3/15 it 
      looks like this will no longer be needed as the OCF printer is back on
      line again.]


Old Business:
    --Adam is still working with David Sharnoff to get several old Apollos
      donated to the OCF for random parts.


New Business:
    --Adam discussed our relations with the CSUA.  It looks like we will be
      able to store the Apollo manuals in 238 Evans and we will probably be
      inheriting the Apollo DN4500 that used to be soda.  [Update #2: Bigbang
      received said motherboard Friday night.  The 16 megs of RAM from soda
      has also been installed in the cluster.]

    --We also discussed our relationship with Info. Systems & Technology.  Adam
      has sent a letter to Vice Provost Hardyck and has met with the OCFUs
      Faculty Advisor Brian Harvey to discuss getting donations for the OCF.

    --The second General Meeting of the semester will be held next Thursday,
      March 19, 1992 in Sibley Auditorium in Bechtel Hall.  Agenda items
      include confiriming our Faculty Advisor.


[Sorry for the delay, but the first version died during the power outage Friday 
night.]

