
      The Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting of April 16, 1992
      ===================================================================

Board Members attending: [10 Members, Quorum = 6.666...]
      	Adam Richter (adam) [GM]       	Chris Jain (cjain)
      	Roy S. Rapoport (rsr) [SM]     	Nicholas Weaver (nweaver)
      	Eddy Karat (karat)            	Peter Norby (norby)
      	Keir Morgan (kmorgan)           Alan Coopersmith (alanc)

People added to the board at the meeting:
	Adam Glass (glass)		David Friedman (davidf)
	Sean Welch (welch)		Donald Kubasak (kube)
	Tom Moore (moray)		David Paschich (dpassage)

Non-Board Members attending:
	George William Herbert (gwh)	Karl H. Thiessen (karlht)
	Dan Wallach (dwallach)		Bill H. Chan (bhchan)
	Partha S. Banerjee (psb)	Lee Thompson-Herbert (lee@soda)


General Manager's Report:
	Adam, Professor Harvey, and several other board members met with
	representatives from Hewlett-Packard on Wed. the 15th.  Adam
	described the meeting as having "went well".  The current outlook
	is that the software contract will be extended, but unless we can
	come up with $1000 - $2000 per month, the hardware maintenance
	contract will probably not continue past the original end of the
	donated contract.

Old Business:
	George asked what the status was of the donations campaign.  The
	board reached the general consesus that no one had actually gotten
	around to doing anything about it yet.

New Business:
	Adam brought up the concept of starting a reregistration drive now.
	The board convinced him that waiting until fall was a much better
	idea since there is not enough time left in the semester to get one
	finished.

	Next Thursday's general meeting was discussed.  People are looking
	into publicity, and possible sources of food.  Keir will talk to
	the EJC about the chances of a barbecue bonanza.

	At this point the board voted to add new members.  Board members
	were allowed to cast votes against people to prevent their addition.
	With 7 members voting (4 votes needed to not be added), the results
	of the secret ballot were:
		glass	  1		davidf	  1
		welch	  1		kube	  1
		moray	  1		dpassage  3

	Discussion about Roy's performance as a site manager began at this
	point.  Questioning and discussion ensued on a variety of topics
	including:
		-Roy's behaviour in the WEB
		-Roy's treatment of users
		-Roy's on-line actions (his use of the OCF machines
			and his image on the net)

	People discussed whether Roy's actions on the network caused
	difficulties with his relationships as SM with fellow SysAdmins.
	Also discussed was if Roy's image affected people's opinions of
	the OCF and if the OCF's image was being tarnished by Roy's
	continued existance as Site Manager.

	The board decided that there were three possible actions they could
	take without waiting for a General Meeting:
		- No action - roy stays sm
		- Censure - roy stays sm, but the board disapproves of him
		- Ask for a resignation

	After much debate, Dave Paschich introduced a motion to have the
	board ask for Roy's resignation.  A vote was taken by secret 
	ballot and the results were 7-5 in favor of asking Roy to resign.

	Roy tendered a verbal resignation with a promise of a written one
	within an hour of the end of the meeting.

	Under the constitution, an Interim Site Manager needed to be selected
	by the OCF Decision Making Process to serve until a General Meeting.
	Adam suggested that the board select one instead of having the GM
	appoint a replacement.  Alan Coopersmith was nominated and voted
	into the position.

	A General Meeting is scheduled for Thursday, April 21 at 7:00
	in Sibley Auditorium.
		

	-Alan Coopersmith
	alanc@ocf.Berkeley.edu
	Secretary, OCF Board of Directors
