
	Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting of Aug. 24, 1994

Present at this meeting (BoD Members denoted by a *) :

	*Chris Williams (clw@ocf)	 Rob Robertson (rob@ocf)
	*Peter Norby (norby@ocf)	 Jonathan Alkema (jono@ocf)
	 Thomas Cheng (tomcheng@ocf)	 Alan Coopersmith (alanc@ocf)
	*Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)	*Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf)
	 Partha S. Banerjee (psb@ocf)	 David Freidman (davidf@ocf)
	 James Cheng (jhens@ocf)	*Nevin Cheung (nevman@ocf)
	 Tracy Scott (trscott@ocf)	 Erik Muller (erikm@ocf)
	 David Shy (shyguy@ocf)		 Steve Martinot (marto@ocf)
	*Thomas Waung (twaung@ocf)	*Eric Lee (leeep@ocf)
	*Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)	*Ari Zilka (ari@ocf)
	*Rachel Yotter (raytrace@ocf)	*Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)
	 Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)	 Andrei Cogan (coganman@ocf)

The meeting was called to order at 7:10pm Berkeley Daylight Time

Old/New Business: 
	There was no new business so we proceeded to Old Business per
	Keir's request.  All old business was discussed under the GM and SM 
	Reports.

GM Report:
	IBM Negotiations: There were more negotiations during the summer over
	possibility of running a server machine for IBM on campus.  However,
	IS&T found that they had the facilities to maintain this machine and
	since as yet we do not have a machine space the deal when to them.  We
	are however going to continue relations with the IBM representatives on
	campus to see if there is any chance of future happenings between IBM
	and the OCF.

	Eshleman Office Space:  The OCF has obtained an office in Eshleman as
	of this semester.  It is located at 310 Eshleman and as of right now
	contains a chair, phone, some monitors and 2 Super Eagles.  There has
	been a request for furniture, which should hopefully come in this week.
	Currently we are scheduled to share this office with the CSUA, The
	121 Wheeler Club, The Scientist's Support Group and one other 
	organization.  Jenni will check into the possibility of removing the
	other groups from the office as was promised by EVP Alex Weingarten.
	We have 2 phone lines in the office and soon we will also have an
	answering machine.  The voice phone number is 643-0700.

	The OCF has been registered with the SAS office in 102 Sproul.  Thank
	you to Alan, Nevin, Jenni and Billy for going down at 9am on Monday to
	do that.

	Nevin mailed the letter off the Dean Hodges and Professor Quigley 
	regarding 608-11 and 508-11.  

	Partha requested our plans for the office space in Eshleman and a
	discussion ensued.  Suggestions for the office were: Storage space,
	a phone number for users to call, terminals to create accounts in a
	more accessible place for those sutdents living in the dorms, and also
	a Suggestion Box.

	At this time Nevin asked if there were any people that wished to be
	added to the BoD, norby, alanc, erikm and trscott said yes, but a 
	vote was never taken.

	Nevin has scheduled the OCF to table on Wednesday, September 8 for the
	Student Activities Fair.  We will be handing out information sheets 
	about the OCF and also account forms.  A call was made for volunteers, 
	mail jenni to volunteer.

SM Report:
	During the summer we bought some new hardware as well as received a
	sizable donation from UCLA.  Thank you's went out to Marco and Kenji,
	for their work on getting this.  This new hardware was used to 
	increase the RAM in all of the machines to a minimum of 16megs.  
	Bigbang, Maelstrom, and Typhoon were all upgraded to DN5500s, while
	Tsunami and Monsoon both were upgraded to 4500s.  All of the machines
	now contain disks and thanks was given to Rachel who did some 
	reorganization of the hardware to optimize disk space.

	We have now surpassed 8500 accounts and as of the meeting both printers
	were working.  We are not able to buy a new printer as yet, because 
	the ASUC budget has not been passed.

	Ari has created new mailing lists for members of staff regarding
	hardware maintenance and repair, software, etc.  These are designed
	to work on top of the current staff structure and hopefully they 
	will get the members of the groups talking amongst themselves.

	Ari plans to have a staff meeting sometime next week, hopefully before
	the next BoD meeting.

	Ari is also entertaining requests for new staff members.

10,000th User:
	David Freidman brought up the point that we would most likely surpass
	10,000 users before the semester lets out.  He feels that we need to
	publicize this heavily to hopefully obtain some recognition from the
	University.

Re-registration:
	David Freidman also brought up the point of re-registration.  The BoD
	acknowledged that some type of re-registration needs to be done, 
	because we only have approximately a Gig of disk space left. Following
	this comment was a large discussion as to how it would be done.  It
	was the general consensus that the University will not let us have
	access to the Student Database.  Davidf informed the BoD that the
	if we submitted to Sproul a list of SID numbers that they have to tell
	us if they are valid or not.  It was then that Rob Robertson said that
	if we provided him a list he could check the database for us.  
	Discussion was postponed until next week.

The next BoD Meeting will meet in Sibley Auditorium at 7:00pm on Aug. 31.
The General Meeting at which elections will be held will be 7:00pm on Sep. 6,
in Sibley Auditorium.

The meeting adjourned at 8:05pm.


-Respectfully Submitted,
  Jennifer Snider

