        Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting of Sep. 27, 1994

Dedication:
	This meeting was dedicated to Partha S. Banerjee and Hansen's 
	Raspberry All Natural.

Present at this meeting :

        **Alan Coopersmith (alanc@ocf)		*Anthony Monroe (monroe@ocf)
	*Chris Williams (clw@ocf)		*Dave Wong (dave@ocf)
	*David Shy (shyguy@ocf)			 ERic Mehlhaff (mehlhaff@ocf)
	*Erik Muller (erikm@ocf)		*Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)
	*Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)		*Jonathan Alkema (jono@ocf)
	*Julie Lin (jsl@ocf)			*Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)
	***Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)		*Michael Kaminsky (kaminsky@ocf
        *Nevin Cheung (nevman@ocf)		 Peter Norby (norby@ocf)
        *Rachel Yotter (raytrace@ocf)		*Thomas Waung (twaung@ocf)


        * Denotes BoD Members
        ** Denotes Site Manager
        *** Denotes General Manager

The meeting was called to order at 7:14pm.

As the meeting was in 120B Bechtel and there is no chalkboard there was no
agenda.  All that follows is from the verbal "agenda" set out by our General
Manager.

Random Instructions from General Manager:
	Marco instructed the BoD that they must raise their hand in order to
	speak, thus trying to invoke some sort of normalcy to our meetings.

Old/New Business:
        Was not on the agenda and was subsequently not discussed.

GM Report:
	Marco asked the BoD how important it was to the OCF to provide 
	printing for it's users.  The BoD unanimously voiced support for 
	providing printing, which led Marco to present the question:  What
	printer are we going to get to replace the dead/dying ones we have.

	A question was raised about the ASUC budget situation.  Jenni stated
	that there was a motion to approve the budget that had been instated
	by and Executive Order by Andrew Wong and that it had failed on the
	Senate Floor last week, but was up for reconsideration due to a 
	technicality.  She stated that if all the senate members attended
	the Senate meeting on Wednesday then the motion should pass.  If it
	doesn't pass then Andrew Wong has stated that he will issue a 
	spending freeze until the Senators can pass a budget.  

	The BoD decided to act like the Budget had been passed and that we
	were going to actually get the money.  Marco is looking at a HP
	4M+.  After much discussion a motion was made by Nevin to allocate
	$2,000 for the purchase of a new printer.  The motion passed
	15-0-0.  Kenji is going to look into prices for service contracts,
	considering the amount of wear and tear we put on our printers.

	Marco brought up the fact that the OCF owns a broken Stellar (a 
	mini-super-computer) that he would like to see something done with.
	He is going to talk to someone at GSCS about the cost of a service
	contract and report back to the BoD.  He also said that his boss
	might be interested in the machine.  He will find out more information
	on this and report back to the BoD.

SM Report:
	We are using only 9 of our 11 ether connections because we ran out of
	cards.  So in total, we have 15 connections being used, 2 not, and 
	19 Apollows and 6 Suns.

	News Flash:  Tsunami's disk bit it.  It is waiting for the OS Intall.
	The 150M of accounts are located on OCFDisk at Soda.  It had major
	disk errors.  It lost libc, the socket managers and VTOC among other
	things.  Alan hopes to have is restored by Wednesday morning.

EJC Rep Report:
	Nevin informed the BoD that the "deadline" for the Engineering Co-Op
	program is next Friday.  They will be starting interviews then.  There
	will be a Job Fair on October 15 in Pauley Ballroom, open to 
	Engineering/CS/Business majors.

New BoD Members:
	Norby asked to be added during the discussion about printers.  Marco
	finally allowed him to be added at the end of the meeting.  He was
	unanimously added to the BoD.

Rereg:
	We can do faculty/staff using Rob Robertson's database. As to the 
	status of the software, the Site Manager has been experimenting with
	different types, but has not reached a conclusion on what to use.

The meeting closed at 7:54pm.

Respectfully Submitted,

Jennifer Snider
