        Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting of Sep. 20, 1994

Present at this meeting :

	**Alan Coopersmith (alanc@ocf)		Andrei Cogan (coganman@ocf)
	 Andrew Swan (aswan@ocf)		*Ari Zilka (ari@ocf)
	 Anthony Monroe (monroe@ocf)		*Chris Williams (clw@ocf)
	*David Shy (shyguy@ocf)			 Erik Muller (erikm@ocf)
	*Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)			*Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)
	*Jonathan Alkema (jono@ocf)		 Julie Lin (jsl@ocf)
	*Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)		***Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)
	*Michael Kaminsky (kaminsky@ocf)	*Nevin Cheung (nevman@ocf)
	*Rachel Yotter (raytrace@ocf)		 Saar Picker (saarp@ocf)
	*Thomas Cheng (tomcheng@ocf)		*Thomas Waung (twaung@ocf)
	*Tracy Scott (trscott@ocf)

	* Denotes BoD Members
	** Denotes Site Manager	
	*** Denotes General Manager

The meeting was called to order at 7:12pm.

Old/New Business:
	Was not listed on the agenda and was subsequently not discussed.

SM Report:
	On Thursday of last week Rob Robertson came down and installed the
	new ether connections.  We have 11 new connections set up we are 
	still waiting for the addresses and for them to be added to the 
	name server.

	As of right now there we are going to be able to do re-registration
	using Rob's database.  It seems to work, Alan is going to test it 
	some more before implementing it.  The way it works is the user
	enters their last name, SID and birthday and it will determine if 
	that is correct and that they are a student or not.  Alan does not
	know if we will be able to use this for faculty/staff accounts.  It
	was brought up that concurrently enrolled students do not have SID
	Alan said that an alternate plan would be formed for those that are
	in that or similar situations.

	Alan is still working on finger, please test it and send bugs to him.

	We have one more ether connection than Apollows with ethernet cards
	so that will be used to put up an IPC.

DUMB Elections:
	The DUMB (Disk Usage Management Board) is responsible for dealing
	with quota waivers and such.  Marco entertained nominations for the 
	3 person board until a discussion began as to whether we needed the
	to have a DUMB at all.  After much discussion it was decided to keep
	the DUMB.  

	Nominated:  Clw, Twaung, Monroe, Jsl, Nevman
	At this point a motion was made to expand the DUMB to 5 members,
	the motion failed (5/7).

	Elected Members:  Clw, Twaung, Nevman

New BoD Members:
	Erikm, Jsl, and Monroe requested to be added to the BoD.  They were
	added unanimously.

The meeting closed at 7:49pm.
