        Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting of Oct. 04, 1994

Present at this meeting :

        S*Alan Coopersmith (alanc@ocf)		 Andrei Cogan (coganman@ocf)
	*Chris Williams (clw@ocf)		*David Shy (shyguy@ocf)
	*Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)			*Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)
	*Jonathan Alkema (jono@ocf)		*Julie Lin (jsl@ocf)
	 Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf)		*Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)
	G*Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)		*Michael Kaminsky (kaminsky@ocf
	*Nevin Cheung (nevman@ocf)		 Rob Robertson (rob@ocf)
	*Thomas Waung (twaung@ocf)		*Tracy Scott (trscott@ocf)

        * Denotes BoD Members
        S* Denotes Site Manager
        G* Denotes General Manager

The meeting was called to order at 7:11pm.

	AGENDA
	------
	 - GM Report
	 - SM Report
	 - Bug Keir
	 - ASUC Stuff
	 - New Hardware Stuff
	 - General Meeting Agenda
	 - Bug Keir
	 - Food Stuff
	 - General Discussion

GM Report:
	Marco got the phone number for GSCS regarding the service contract for
	the Stellar, but has not called.  He should have more information for
	the General Meeting next week.

	Donations:  Brad Krebs from the EECS department has n number of SCSI
	drives to donate.  We won't be able to use them with the Apollos 
	because we aren't running and don't have DomainOS 10.4.1.  We will
	be able however to hopefully use them with the Suns.

	The budget had to be redone and handed in to Matt Dundon.

	Tom and Kenji are going to help Marco look into printers for the OCF
	to buy.

	The office in Eshleman now has a desk and a file cabinet to go with 
	the chair and the coat rack.

Bug Keir:
	Marco suggested to Keir that it would be a good idea to post the 
	minutes from the 1st General Meeting.  Keir agreed and said he would
	as soon as he found them again.

SM Report:
	Tsunami is still hozed!!  It's having trouble with bad blocks in the 
	vtoc.  Alan is working on it.

	Re-reg software will be along soon.

ASUC Stuff:
	Jenni said that the ASUC Senate would not be passing a budget on the 
	5th and that most likely the budget would be executive ordered once
	again.  

New Hardware Stuff:
	There's a guy selling a 760Mb disk for $250 that would be great to
	buy to replace tsunami.  Nevin made a motion to buy it.  The motion
	carried 12-0-0.

General Meeting Agenda:
	It was decided that we would talk about the following at the General
	Meeting:
		Printer
		Hardware
		Re-reg
		What is the OCF?
		The Future of the OCF
		Open Forum - Discuss Goals

Bug Keir:
	Once again Marco made the suggestion to Keir to post the minutes.

Food Stuff:
	A suggestion was made by Marco that board members might want to supply
	food at meetings for the members.  It was thought to be a good idea
	and the board is unofficially doing this.

As far as the secretary can remember the meeting ended at approximately 8:00pm,
but was never officially closed.

Respectfully Submitted,

Jennifer Snider
