	Minutes of the OCF General Meeting of October 11, 1994

Present at this meeting :

	 Adam Strauss (astrauss@ocf)	S*Alan Coopersmith (alanc@ocf)
	 Andrei Cogan (coganman@ocf)	 Andrei Moutchkine (muchandr@ocf)
	 Andrew Swan (aswan@ocf)	 Ari Zilka (ari@ocf)
	 Billy Thompson (billy@ocf)	 Brian Harvey (bh@ocf)
	*Chris Williams (clw@ocf)	*Dave Wong (dave@ocf)
	 Erik Agee (agee@ocf)		*Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)
	*Jonathan Alkema (jono@ocf)	*Julie Lin (jsl@ocf)
	 Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf)	*Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)
	G*Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)	 Michael Chu (mmchu@ocf)
	*Michael Kaminsky (kaminsky@ocf)*Nevin Cheung (nevman@ocf)
	*Peter Norby (norby@ocf)	*Rachel Yotter (raytrace@ocf)
	 Steve Martinot (marto@ocf)	*Thomas Waung (twaung@ocf)
	*Tony Monroe (monroe@ocf)	*Tracy Scott (trscott@ocf)

	*  Denotes BoD Members
	S* Denotes Site Manager
	G* Denotes General Manager

The meeting was called to order at 7:13pm.

Agenda:
	- GM Report
	    Printer Stuff
	- SM Report
	    Harware Additions
	- Open Discussion/Strategy Session

Announcement:
	Marco is no longer a student.  Nevin is now the new SISG Coordinator
	b/c the ASUC requires the SISG Coordinator to be a student.

GM Report:
	There is furniture in the Eshleman office, Marco is working on getting
	a terminal of some sort working in the office.  

	A letter was forwarded to Marco from Brian Harvey regarding a guy in
	the School of Education has some extra Sun 3/60s and Sparc 1+'s.  Marco
	and Keir are looking into it.

	Printer Stuff:
		We compared two different printers, a DecL5100 and an HP
		4M+.  After much quibbling a motion was made by Nevin to
		buy the HP as long as the purchase was under $2500.  The
		motion carried (15/0/0).

SM Report:
	The new disk arrived.  Monsoon has been upgraded to a 660Mb disk,
	Monsoon's 330Mb disk went into Tsunami.  Hopefully we will be able
	to come out with space ahead in this venture.  An ethernet card
	was also included in this deal.

	Kenji has found a 330Mb disk for $100.  The board decided to buy
	the disk (15/0/1).

	Keir expressed a thank you to Alan, Marco, Kenji and Tom Waung for
	spending a lot of time installing moving disks around this past
	weekend.

	Re-reg Software:
		Andrew is working on it, but at the moment he's swamped with
		other projects.

General Discussion:
	The next few hours (?) of the meeting we devoted to discussing the
	Future of the OCF.  It involves pictures and lengthy comments from
	many of those in attendance.  The secretary had to leave at 9:00pm
	and thus left the taking of the minutes to Nevin's charge.  

	Approximately 20min later Marco decided that what was being
	discussed was trivial and that Nevin could stop recording.  However,
	if you would like to have or see a copy of the secretary's notes
	from that portion of the meeting, pleas mail and make arrangements
	to get those.

The meeting was closed at approximately 9:30pm when the janitor kicked 
everyone out of Sibley.

Respectfully Submitted,

Jennifer Snider

