
	Minutes of the OCF Meeting of October 25, 1994

Present at this meeting :

	S*Alan Coopersmith (alanc@ocf)	 Amanda Novak (nova@ocf)
	 Andrew Swan (aswan@ocf)	 Ari Zilka (ari@ocf)
	*Chris Williams (clw@ocf)	*Dave Wong (dave@ocf)
	*Erik Muller (erikm@ocf)	*Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)
	*Julie Lin (jsl@ocf)		*Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)
	*Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)	G*Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)
	*Michael Kaminsky (kaminsky@ocf *Nevin Cheung (nevman@ocf)
	*Rachel Yotter (raytrace@ocf)	 Thomas Cheng (tomcheng@ocf)
	*Thomas Waung (twaung@ocf)	*Tony Monroe (monroe@ocf)
	*Tracy Scott (trscott@ocf)

	*  Denotes BoD Members
	S* Denotes Site Manager
	G* Denotes General Manager

The meeting was called to order at 7:20pm.

AGENDA:
	- GM Report
	- SM Report
	- ConstiTHREEsion

GM Report:
	Marco will buy the printer as soon as he can figure out how to
	fill out the Purchase Order.

	The guy from the School of Education went out of town right after
	he advertised.  Keir and Marco will try to get in touch with him
	again about the Suns he has.

SM Report:
	The only Alan had to bring up was that there was an irate user who
	was upset that his account was turned off because he was using it
	to run a business.  His account was turned back on and nothing has
	been heard from him since.

	Re-reg software:
  		Marco is working it.  Andrew has written something for it,
		but it has a "tiny" bug.

ConstiTHREEsion:  
	The rest of the meeting consisted of detailed discussion of the
	constitution proposed by Nevin.

The meeting was closed at 9:40pm.  Or at least that is when we collectively
decided to leave.  We were unable to vote on whether to close the meeting
because the discussion of the constitution bored many people and they left
(or they slept), subsequently leaving us without quorum.

Respectfully Submitted,

Jennifer Snider
