Minutes for the OCF Board of Directors Meeting
February 17, 1998

The meeting was called to order at 8:17 PM

Board members attending:

Elaine Chao (chaos), Jennifer Snider (jenni), Richard Dunn (dunnthat),
Luns Tee (tee), Katrina Templeton (katster), Dan Stangel (stangel),
Paul Huang (pbhuang), Ahilan Anantha (ahilan)

Others attending:

Alan Coopersmith (alanc), Saar Picker (saarp), Po-Hsun Chen (pochen)


REPORTS

GM:   An e-mail was sent to Lee Fink regarding the OCF's chances
      for an increased budget next year.  He stated that $15,000
      would not be unreasonable.  A request by a Bowles resident
      for server co-location was made to GM (see NEW BUSINESS).
      jenni recommended that the GM speak to Sun about the shipping
      of the Solaris CD, and that the printer in 67a Barrows be
      repaired before the opening of 217 Eshleman.

SM:   After obtaining some cable ties to mount the hard disk, a
      single DEC was made operational.  George also activated some
      IPCs and an IPX.  The monitors still have not been moved.
      A possible donation was mentioned, the SM will follow up.
      A reply was received from best.com regarding IPC service
      (see NEW BUSINESS).

Treasurer:
      The OCF's remaining funds for this year are $10,572.68,
      of which $220 are donation and do not need to be spent.  Counting
      money for phone bills for the remainder of the year, this leaves
      about ~$10,000.

HS:   Last week's C help session was very sucessful.

EJC:  No EJC business to report
      UCSEE is sponsoring the Student Professional Awareness
      Conference on Friday.


OLD BUSINESS

Advertisement - The GM requested the BOD members help out with
advertising for the opening of 217 Eshleman.  The possibility
of hosting a special UNIX help session was discussed with the
SM.  This session would coincide with the grand opening.

Remaining Funds - The GM took suggestions regarding the best
way to spend the OCF's remaining money.  Among the suggestions:

   * New console machines.  Besides low end Sun clients, many
     members suggested PCs, running Solaris X86 or FreeBSD.
   * A new mail server
   * Furniture for 217, including rolling chairs, and
     perhaps new carpeting
   * New disks, to raise the quota to 10 MB or more
   * A new tape drive, and new auto-loader, to keep
     up with the OCF's increasing disk space
   * A new Ethernet hub, to increase the security of
     the network

Please also see the discussion under NEW BUSINESS


NEW BUSINESS

IRC - pochen reported on the status of the OCF's possible
hosting of an IRC server.  After unsucessful attempts to
contact representative from best.com or UCI, a message was
finally received from best.com.  The response asked for
a description of the proposed server and the OCF's network.
The SM mailed an apparently inaccurate description; he will
correct this information.  The board discussed again the
necessity of hosting an IRC server, considering the low
percentage of users that would benefit from it.  The GM
suggested a posting to the appropriate UCB newsgroups to
determine the general campus support for a local IRC server.


Bowles server - A resident of Bowles Hall runs a server for
Bowles residents, providing mail and web services.  He has
contacted the OCF, asking if we would be willing to house
the machine over the summer.  Considerable discussion
followed regarding the feasibility of housing the machine
and the possible liability problems involving both the equipment
and campus policies.  saarp also pointed out that the server
does not provide a campus-wide service, which is inconsistent
with the OCF's mission statement.

  MOTION:  chaos motioned that the OCF house the Bowles server
  over the summer, subject to later determination of the exact
  conditions.  The motion was seconded, and failed 0-5-3.

After the motion, jenni pointed out the necessity of having a
general policy considering co-location, especially considering
past agreements with the CSUA and UCSEE.  It was suggested
that a policy mirroring the DUMB policy for disk space be drafted.
dunnthat volunteered to draft the policy.  The GM informed the
board she would advise the Bowles resident that a final decision
would be delayed until the policy was completed.  The GM also
stated that the original message would be posted to bod@ocf.


Machine prices - saarp, jenni, and alanc all presented various
quotes for computers the OCF might be interested in.  saarp
has found a 200 Mhz Dell computer with 19" monitor for ~$2000,
and suggested the board buy 3 of these machines to use as
consoles.  jenni and alanc presented prices for low-end clients,
at ~$1500, and higher-end servers, at ~$4000.  The board chose
to delay a final decision until it can be determined whether
purchasing consoles or an additional server would be the best
course of action.


BOD meeting times - The BOD meeting time was changed to
Mondays at 6:00 PM.


BOD DROPPINGS

Jennifer Tsoi (jentsoi), Rune Stromsness (runes), and David
Walthall (land) were dropped from the board for missing two
meetings in a row.


The meeting was closed at 10:00 PM.

Minutes prepared by Richard Dunn (dunnthat)
