Open Computing Facility
Board of Directors meeting
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
February 20, 1996

Attendance				Board of Directors
--------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
Kenji Hubbard <kenji>			Erik Agee <agee>
Andrew Swan <aswan>			Elaine Chao <chaos> (General Manager)
					Rune Stromsness <runes>
					Michael Constant <mconst> (Site Mgr)
					Alan Coopersmith <alanc>
					Jennifer Snider <jenni>
					Wang Lam <wlam>
Meeting Highlights
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* OCF chooses its platform for its migration machine!  (See Special Treat.)

* The Site Manager reports on how to print on maelstrom, and how to deal 
a mail reading bug in Pine!  (See Site Manager's Report.)

Announcements
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* No announcements in particular.

General Manager's Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* "I have done stuff."

* The General Manager has talked to school districts (Fremont, Oakland, 
San Francisco) about donating OCF hardware to them.

* She has obtained the OCF's budget, as the ASUC understands it.

* The General Manager reports she has completed her proposal to
Information Systems and Technology (IST) to have the OCF stay in the
basement of Evans Hall, and now it is a matter of talking to people.

Site Manager's Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Someone set up the printers.

* Printer ocf2 is working, though the cable on maelstrom is loose.  The 
Official way to print, as recommened by the Site Manager, is:
	(1) Hold the printer cable against maelstrom.
	(2) Send the lpr command.
	(3) Wait for the Unix prompt to return.
	(4) Release the cable.

* The Site Manager will coordinate with the General Manager to set up OCF 
access to the Evans basement during Spring Break.

* Jennifer Snider <jenni> notes what needs to be done during Spring 
Break, including the plague disk cleanup.

* This reminds the Site Manager to note that Pine has a bug that 
sometimes causes it to miss the start-of-message "From" line.  This has 
caused some users to complain they're not receiving mail, when in fact it 
is being appended as part of their last message without their notice.  
The Site Manager's Official Supported Solution(tm) is not to use Pine.

* Jennifer Snider <jenni> further notes that she and Alan Coopersmith 
<alanc> cleaned up the Evans basement, got printer ocf1 working, and 
crashed pestilence.

* She reminds the Site Manager to set up a staff meeting, and further 
reminds him why he should do so when he inquired.  (Primarily, a staff 
meeting is for training new staff.)

* Later in the meeting, the Site Manager is reminded to note that Ken 
Nishimoto <kennish> was appointed Disk Tsar, the OCF official in charge 
of implementing OCF's disk policies.

* The Site Manager, at this point later in the meeting, also remembers to 
announce that he has appointed Kenji Hubbard <kenji> and Erik Agee <agee> 
Sparc managers.

Sparc Managers' Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The Sparc Managers note that they would like to round up hardware and 
take a complete inventory.

Old Business
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* No old business.

New Business
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The OCF needs its transceivers, backup tapes, and null modems as 
allocated for purchase last semester.

* Jennifer Snider <jenni> would like to recruit somebody to Tuesday 
afternoons at a Space Allocation and Capital Improvements (SACI) meeting.

Special Treat - PCs versus Sparcs
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* We must cap spending at $8500, and that number is probably pushing things.

* Quotes:
	Pentium 166MHz 192MB RAM 1MB cache 2x4.2GB wide SCSI-2
		$9250
	Sparc 20  -     32MB RAM 1MB cache 1GB
		75 MHz	$4177
		85 MHz	$4512

* The Secretary omits further argument on the platforms, noting only that 
both sides decided no machine was really up to doing login service all by 
itself.

* The platform vote is called at 7 for Sparc, 0 for Pentium, 0 abstain.

* The Board expects to consider a 85MHz Tatung Sparc, with additional 
memory and disk.

Miscellaneous
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* No miscellaneous.

Corrections (after the meeting)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The Secretary corrects all significant errors on the factual content of 
these minutes.  If you have an error to report, please email it 
bod@ocf.berkeley.edu.  :)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Respectfully submitted,
Wang Lam <wlam>
OCF Board of Directors and OCF Board Secretary
February 20, 1996
