Open Computing Facility
Board of Directors meeting
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
March 11, 1996

Attendance				Board of Directors
--------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
William Perret <perret>			Michael Constant <mconst> (Site Mgr)
Nevin Cheung <nevman>			Thomas Cheng <tomcheng>
Lara Lee <llee>				Alan Coopersmith <alanc>
Steve Martinot <marto>			Jennifer Snider <jenni>
Andrew Swan <aswan>			Elaine Chao <chaos> (General Manager)
					Erik Agee <agee>
					Wang Lam <wlam>
					Kenneth Nishimoto <kennish>

Meeting Highlights
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Discussion concering the Site Manager's account continues.  (See Old 
Business.)

* The OCF considers its moving options.  (See New Business.)

Announcements
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* No announcements in particular.

General Manager's Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Kenji Hubbard <kenji> then Alan Coopersmith <alanc> take over as 
temporary General Managers during Elaine Chao's <chaos> absence.

* Budget is due Friday.  The General Manager Elaine Chao <chaos> talked 
with Jennifer Snider <jenni> and will have one ready by Wednesday for 
Board approval.

* As reported earlier, the General Manager is meeting with Information 
Systems and Technology (IST) tomorrow.

* A letter from Trumpet Winsock International arrived concerning OCF's 
request to distribute Trumpet Winsock as part of OCF's own Internet kit.  
The letter notes that Trumpet only allows distribution of licensed copies 
which the OCF cannot afford; therefore the Internet kit project has been 
suspended.

* The OCF received an invitation to the International House Springfest.

Site Manager's Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* No report.  "I haven't been particularly been Site Managing."

Sparc Managers' Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* A machine will be moved to Eshleman Hall for hookup to asuc-86, pending 
parts from Kenji Hubbard <kenji>, such as a keyboard and a mouse!

Old Business - Inquiry into Site Manager continues
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Steve Martinot's <marto> mail entry turned up few details.  The 
accounting files revealed a mail process running, but it did not create 
more processes (which the Site Manager interpreted as, therefore, no text 
of the mail was displayed).  While information is unavailable concerning 
how long the process was running, it took 4 seconds of CPU time, which 
the Site Manager remarked was a long time for a mail process; it took 
but 0.2 seconds CPU time for him to page his entire mailspool.

* The Site Manager notes he had no malicious intent; logs can be defeated 
(for instance, destroyed), but this did not occur.

* Steve Martinot <marto> notes that the OCF Staff training he knows never 
involved scanning mailspools.

* Jennifer Snider <jenni> notes she reactivated an account that was 
logged for being "over quota, had a copy of Netscape in mailspool," 
signed mconst.  The restored account was but 500K, and the Netscape 
binary was gone.  Michael Constant <mconst> testifies he never deleted 
the binary, using x, not q, to exit mail.  It appears all but impossible 
to discern what happened to the binary.

* The Site Manager requests that his account be reactivated.  The motion 
to reinstate his account passes 5-0-2.

* The motion to restore his root privileges with the stipulation of
logging root activity and enforcing it as staff policy was voted at 
3-0-4.  Unfortunately, three is not the majority of those present or a 
majority of the Board; the Board was not sure whether this was a pass or 
fail, and so by voice vote agreed to nullify the vote and deal with this 
issue again Wednesday, with Robert's Rules of Order in hand.

New Business
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The General Manager appoints Alan Coopersmith <alanc> treasurer.

* On the impending move, the Board expects it to occur over Spring Break. 
The offer the OCF received from IST is the 118-square foot 72 Barrows,
about the size of a bedroom.  74 Barrows used to be a computer lab, and
the Board found that more useful to the OCF (at 970 square feet).  That 
room was designated "open lab," but no one (including the Barrows 
building manager) knew what that meant.
* Secretary's note: This information has been superseded by later 
information presented at the following 3/13/96 Board meeting.

* 60 Barrows was a conference room, with no net connections, and was 
tossed out.  61 would be ideal, being an even roomier computer lab, but 
the Board figures it is not likely the OCF would get such space.

* Erik Agee <agee> suggests the Board measure the space the OCF currently 
has in the Evans basement, and note at the meeting that the OCF would be 
taking some percentage reduction in space by taking 72 Barrows.

* The backup mail server war could be arranged to be moved to CSUA or 
UCSEE space to catch incoming mail during the move, to prevent mail 
loss.

* The Board urges the General Manager to determine at the meeting whether 
the move to Barrows is temporary (for the Math Department's remodeling) 
or permanent.

* The budget Jennifer Snider <jenni> writes to the blackboard (copied 
below) passes the Board 7-0-1.
	Operating Expenses & General Revenue  [an ASUC form]
	Operating Expenses
		Stipends		   0
		Benefits		   0
		Advertising		 100
		Computer/Copy Supplies   600
		Printing		 400
		Programs and Events	9000
		Campus Departments	   0
		Membership Dues		  -
		Equipment Maintenance	 750
		Equipment Repair	 750
		Miscellaneous Expense	   0
		Equipment Rental	   0
		Photocopying		 250
		Postage			  50
		Stationery and Supplies  100
		Other			   0
	Total Expenses		      $12000

Miscellaneous
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* No miscellaneous.

Corrections (after the meeting)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Erik Agee <agee> adds the following concerning the March 5, 1996 minutes:
> After all, Erik Agee <agee> notes, "it may have just been an honest
> mistake" [concerning OCF Staff policy].
`I guess I missed this while the draft was out.  I don't recall saying this...
To me it's clear that the Site Manager's conduct was not so much an "honest  
mistake", but a willful execution of improper procedure.'
* The Secretary recalls the comment, in the context of a general
discussion allowing Michael Constant <mconst> at least a defense before    
the Board takes further action.  Apologies to anyone who read the comment 
to imply Erik Agee <agee> considered "an honest mistake" to be the actual
situation.  It was meant as a possibility, and should not carry any more 
weight than any other possibility, from the Secretary's perceived context of 
the statement.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Wang Lam <wlam>
OCF Board of Directors and OCF Board Secretary
March 11, 1996
