
	Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting (18 March 1996)

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
ATTENDANCE
Erik Agee (agee) *			Lara Lee (llee)
Alan Coopersmith (alanc) *		Rune Stromsness (runes) *
Andrew Swan (aswan)			Thomas Cheng (tomcheng) *
Jennifer Snider (jenni) *		Wang Lam (wlam) *
Kenneth Nishimoto (kennish) *
					(* denotes BoD members)
=============================================================================
AGENDA
o General Manager's Report
o Sparc Manager's Report
o Treasurer's Report
o Old Business
o New Business
=============================================================================
  The meeting was called to order at 8:15 pm.
=============================================================================
GENERAL MANAGER'S REPORT

[Elaine Chao (chaos), the general manager, was not in attendance.  
 Kenneth Nishimoto (kennish) presided over the meeting.  Andrew Swan 
 (aswan) presented the general manager's report.]

o Elaine has talked to Ray Shiflet, who will give us keys for our new 
home (rooms 72 and 70 Barrows) by the end of this week.

o The request for net connections in the Barrows site has been turned in.

o We are told that Barrows hall will be open from 6:30 to 7:30 or 8 pm 
during Spring Break, which is when the move will take place.

o Excess and Salvage has been contacted.  We will need to go down to 
their store some time to check out what furniture they have.  Their hours 
are 9am-12pm Wednesday and Thursday.  Elaine will need someone to drive her 
down there.

o Jennifer Snider (jenni) notes that we should find out exactly who is 
expected to pay for the furniture for our new site.  Specifically, did 
IS&T already say, during the meeting last week, that they would pay for 
the furniture?  Andrew replies that his understanding is that IS&T will 
pay for the furniture, but we will need to get it and find out how much 
it costs.

o Flyers advertising our move to Barrows have been made.  We will need a 
lot of people to help put up flyers all over campus this week.

o We have not yet secured a truck for moving our machines.  Elaine has 
looked into it, but has been too busy with other issues related to the 
move to actually set anything up.
=============================================================================
SPARC MANAGER'S REPORT

o We got the Sparc, which we loaned to Amy Baron (amee) a while ago, back 
from her.

o An account for Rune has been created on Pestilence.

o Erik asked Dan Holliman (danh), who currently runs the IRC server on 
Seltzer.CSUA, about moving the server to Pestilence.  Dan says that the 
CSUA is considering moving the server to Vodka.CSUA instead of shutting 
it down completely, as they'd originally planned.

o Jenni asked Erik about the meetings the Sparc Managers were supposed to 
have, for people interested in working on the Sparcs.  Erik replies that 
this was something that Kenji Hubbard (kenji) was supposed to do, and 
Kenji just hasn't gotten around to arranging the meetings.  Erik says 
that he'll remind Kenji about it, and will take a more active role in 
getting people interested in working on the Sparcs together.
=============================================================================
TREASURER'S REPORT

o Next year's budget was turned in to the ASUC on Friday.

o [I need help with this one, since I wasn't exactly clear on what 
happened when it was discussed.  -- tomcheng] 
$500 in cash donations was noted in the budget.  We need to note 
donations in our budged so that the ASUC doesn't think we're 
free-loading.  Most of the donations we receive are in equipment and 
books, not money, so they do not show up on the ASUC's ledgers.

$500 for phones was categorized as "miscellaneous"--there was no where 
else to put it.
=============================================================================
OLD BUSINESS

o The question regarding who did the original wiring for our Apollo Token 
Ring network came up during a previous meeting.  It was apparently done 
by an entity called "CF&C", which seems to be a precursor to the current 
Department of Information Systems and Technologies (IS&T), and no longer 
exists.

o We plan to install the Token Ring in Barrows ourselves.  A "wiring 
tsar" should be appointed to over see the process.
=============================================================================
NEW BUSINESS

o Elaine has called a staff meeting for Wednesday, to plan the move to 
Barrows.

o Since security in Barrows isn't as good as it is in Evans, we need to 
consider restricting access to the room(s) where are machines will be 
located.  The first issue is staff access to the rooms.  The doors 
currently have conventional locks on them, and it will be difficult to 
get keys for all staff members.  A push-button combination lock can cost 
anywhere from $200 to $600.  A fixed lock-box containing the keys would 
be a more viable, since lock boxes are inexpensive.

The second issue is public access to our machines.  It would probably not 
be a good idea to leave our facilities open to the public 24 hours a day, 
with the building hours of Barrows as the only restriction.  It would 
also be impractical to only open our facilities to general access when 
there is staff around.  Alan proposes that one room (70 Barrows) open for 
general access, while only opening 72 Barrows when there is a staff 
around.  We can put our less expensive worksations and terminals in room 
70.  Another solution that was proposed is to have 72 Barrows opened by 
appointed "door watchers", who may not be full fledged staff.

The discussion of this issue was tabled, since certain technical details 
may prevent us from implementing either of these proposals.  We well need 
to actually try to set things up before we can decide on a policy.

o Modular wiring for the networks, using coaxial cables, will probably be 
a good idea, since it is easy to install and move.  We expect to have to 
move again in the future, which also makes such a setup desirable.

o Room 72, which is the room that we were allocated for the full term 
that we will be in Barrows, can fit 10 to 12 consoles.  The arrangement 
of the consoles should be worked out by the staff who set up the machines 
after the move.

o The Board voted to authorized Elaine to spend up to $70 for lock boxes 
for the new Barrows site and the Eshelman office.  (7-0-0)

o The Student Advocate's Office has inquired to the OCF regarding the 
issue of e-mail privacy.  Elaine has spoken with Aaron Butler, a 
representative from the SAO, who will be attending a future BoD meeting.
=============================================================================
  The meeting was adjourned at 8:58 pm.
=============================================================================
