2015-09-22 7:10pm
OCF General Meeting

Members in attendance:
- nickimp
- baisang
- ckuehl
- kevinma
- wml
- tnn
- nspatel
- jvperrin
- dehkordi
- kuoh
- (illegible)
- peterwu
- kpengboy
- auskim
- mattmcal
- willh
- tmochida
- dclark
- andycui
- zdong
- ldw
- shasan
- lilulu
- samtay

- ckuehl did presentation on OCF Github repositories and puppet
  - puppet
  - ocflib
  - ocfweb/website/wiki
  - atool/create
  - utils
- Voting on 7th amendment bill, reproduced as follows:
                                     AN ACT
      To amend the Constitution, for allowing the Board of Directors to
    unilaterally amend the Constitution for the purpose of complying with
                            LEAD Center requirements.

    WHEREAS, in June 2015 the Open Computing Facility encountered a
      constitutional crisis in which it was required to amend its
      Constitution but a General Meeting could not be immediately convened
      to do so; and
    WHEREAS, the legal status of the amendments made during that crisis was
      uncertain until confirmed by a General Meeting; and
    WHEREAS, the Open Computing Facility wishes to avoid being required to
      amend its Constitution when it is not formally in session, but being
      unable to do so; and
    WHEREAS, constitutional language mandated by the LEAD Center is not
      substantially debatable; and
    WHEREAS, the Board of Directors would like to expedite the process of
      updating such required language,
      NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ENACTED by the Board of Directors and the
    membership of the Open Computing Facility:
       1. The current text of section 8.1.1 of the Constitution is moved
          to a new section 8.1.1.1 titled “In General”.
       2. A new section 8.1.1.2, titled “For Fulfilling University
          Requirements” is inserted into the Constitution as follows:
              When  the  OCF is not formally in session, the Board of
              Directors may, with a 2/3 majority vote, directly enact
              amendments whose only function is to bring this consti‐
              tution into compliance with  requirements  set  by  the
              University.

    All were in favor.
- Veteran staffers listed hours they were willing to hold staff hours. New
  staffers accepted or rejected those hours. In the end, it was decided that
  new staffers can expect to find older staffers to shadow them at these hours:
                   Mon  11-12
                        1-2
                        4-5
                   Tue  2-3
                        3-4
                        4-5
                   Wed  3-4
                   Thu  1-2
                        2-3
                        3-4
                   Fri  11-12
- We discussed what kinds of fun activities we might want to hold. Suggestions
  included:
  - More staff hangouts (biweekly? monthly?)
  - Tech talks (can happen at staff hangouts)
  - Other things
- mattmcal demonstrated how to use approve

Meeting adjourned around 8:10pm.
