OCF Board of Directors Meeting
2015-12-01
Meeting is called to order at 19:11.

Directors in attendance:
 - jvperrin
 - slobo
 - nspatel
 - kevinma
 - shasan
 - wml
 - zdong
 - tianrui
 - shaurya
 - ldw
 - kuoh
 - tnn
 - lilulu
 - willh
 - kpengboy
 - tmochida
 - mattmcal
 - ckuehl
 - nickimp

Non-directors in attendance:
 - trliu

Directors not in attendance:
 - peterwu

 - Today is the last BoD meeting
   - It would be peterwu's last BoD meeting
 - Deciding on the meeting time for BoD next semester over Winter Break
   - Some freshmen haven't had their Phase 2 yet
 - LAN parties during dead week
   - Sunday: staff
   - Monday: Berkeley CSGO
 - Getting licenses for CSGO for new staff (by GM fiat)
 - User quota is raised to 5GB
   - We have enough disk space (there's 1.5TB sitting around unallocated as of
     now, and additional disks are cheap anyway)
   - Without objection, this motion is hereby agreed to
   - lilulu: what's the reason?
     - nickimp: WHY NOT????
 - Raise usernames to 12 characters?
   - People agree there is interest to looking into the technical feasibility
     of this
   - nickimp proposes amendment to raise to 16 characters
     - Passes with majority "voice vote"
 - Open/Closed sign?
   - People walking by are angry that the OCF closes at 9 PM and there are
     still staff inside
   - LED or a simple sign?
     - nickimp: a LED sign Looks Cool and Differentiates us
     - Looking at Adafruit 64x32 RGB LED matrix, 6mm pitch
     - BoD votes unanimously to allocate $150
   - Who will set it up?
 - Decorations?
   - Posters
     - Stallman: 6                                    ✗
     - Plan 9: (almost) everyone                      ✓
     - GNU not Linux: 4                               ✗
     - Kill your zombie process: 1                    ✗
     - I love open source: ~15                        ✓
     - Linux kernel architecture: all                 ✓
       - Must print yourself
     - Debian logo: 0                                 ✗
     - Collage of FOSS software at OCF: all           ✓
     - Better debian poster: all                      ✓
     - Vim cheat sheet: all                           ✓
     - Free culture poster: 0                         ✓
       - Should do Four Freedoms poster instead
     - Toy story poster: ?                            ✓
   - Jessie doll??
     - lilulu: it's weird and creepy, no one would get it
     - Not buying
   - Daiso xmas tree
 - Miscellaneous items
   - DeCal is not happening
     - nickimp: "Thursday talks" are generally more effective
     - Someone with serious interest can resurrect
   - Probably tabling at Calapalooza (it happens in spring, right?), not urgent
     to recruit new staff

BoD is PROROGUED at 20:07.
