these are what are known as lame minutes:


			       Minutes
		       Open Computing Facility
		      Board of Directors Meeting
			 Monday, August 27th


The meeting convened around 7:15 after much confusion involving an
occupied 608-7 and pointer indirection.

(welch takes much better minutes, i talk to much to remember anything)

those persons with stars before their names are on the board as far as I know...send corrections to bod-claim-department@ocf.berkeley.edu

Attending: 

*Adam Glass  
*Scott Drellishak
*Partha S. Banerjee
Eric Mehlhaff
*Case Larsen
Keir Morgan
Camille Kayruzian
*Shannon D. Appel
Jeffrey Liu
Donald Kubasak
*Roy Rapoport
Don Perkovich
*Scott Clarke
*George Willim SHerbet
*Sam Shen
Ian Barkely (whose finger info will be fixed)
2 dead bodies, a number of flies, at least two spiders, and one ant.

The meeting began with the reports of the summer managers.

Partha who was the summer general manager stated that nothing much had
politically.

Adam Glass stated that the followings things occured over the summer:
			time passed
			disk space got more scarce
			dankg, bastfw, and ngparker were terminated. (was fun!)
			the ocf mail system was replaced with one descended
				that lept out of his mind. (Athena?)
			an attempt was made to upgrade to 10.2 that partially
			disabled blizzard and is now dependent on finding
			a working tape drive.
			soda blew up again. (csua has no luck)
			
--end manager reports--			

Adam Glass stated that the OCF should try to get all the broken
hardware fixed asap even if we can't effectiverly use it presently i.e
before apollo forgets about us completely.  [Ed: the service contract
runs out in June 1991.]. Sam will do this.

The OCF decided not to recharge a cartridge for the first week of school.  Instead it decided to wait until the OCF determines its financial situation.

Adam Glass told the board that 15 used printer cartridges had been
donated to the OCF by an OCF user's company.

Adam Glass blurted out an idea to convert the Bigbang and Blizzard
disks to account disks mounted on the rest of the cluster.  This might
postpone the OCF's doom by a few weeks/months.

Shannon and Scott pushed for a account re-registration scheme.  It was
accepted by the board.  Three paper copies of the registry will exist
+ one online copy.  The non-registered accounts will be tabulated and
eliminated at the end of september or at a time deemed by the board.
Appropriate publicity was suggested.  The various tecnical issues were
delegated to Sam Shen. ("ignore reality")

The OCF BOD agreed to go to 2mb quotas.  Staff discretion.

The OCF elections meeting is in 2 weeks.  Sibley auditorium was
suggested as a possible location.  [Ed: see gwh mail].

meeting adjourned
---

warning: advertisement (waters down the brain)

	looking for 1 bedrroom apartment in Berkeley between now and January.
	(something reasonable)

later,
Adam Glass



