Date: Fri, 10 Mar 89 22:40:11 PST
From: c60c-1dm@WEB.Berkeley.Edu
To: ocf@widow




	     The Minutes of the Open Computer Facility's
		      Board of Directors Meeting
			    March 9, 1989

Board Members Attending:

	Adam Glass
	Adam Richter
	Antony Courtney
	Drew Dean
	Gretchen Stude
	Marc Hertlein
	Partha Banerjee
	Peter Shipley
	Robert Cullman
	Ron Woan
	Sean Rouse

Board Members Absent:
	
	Chris Williams
	Cimarron Taylor
	Dave Muir Sharnoff
	
Persons dropped from the Board due to consecutive absence:

	Chris Williams

Guests Attending:
	
	Shelly Louie

Meeting called to order at 6:00 pm

Hardware Status:
Currently hung up in Apollo bureaucracy. time from
the actual order of machines to delivery is approximately 5 weeks.
None of the wiring in the web has been done yet.  Our contact at
Apollo is no longer Tom Knoll.  Our new contact is an Eric Something,
whom Drew Dean and Robert Cullman described as enthusiastic about our
use of Apollo equipment and software.

Micro Grants: 
New information has been received regarding the Micro
Grants program.  Apparently, the ocf might qualify after all.  This
could only be accomplished with a properly worded proposal.  However,
the proposal is due at our grant office by Friday 3/10/89.

Hans Complains, the Earth Shakes, etc:
Hans Reiser, who was involved with the pitching of
Apollo, complained via email that he was deliberately excused from the
ocf.  Hans is no longer associated with this university. Apparently a
draft of the constitution that Hans worked on said that "any member of
the university community may be a member".  In the accepted version,
it refers only to students and faculty of the university.  The tone of
the message implied that he wished the the clauses revised to read
something like 'students, faculty, and Hans Reiser'.  Further flaming
back and forth between various ocf bod people and other involved
persons resulted in a promise to at least raise the subject at
tonight's board meeting.
    		
The subject was raised.  It is the general opinion of the OCF board of
directors that the constitution is sufficient in this area.  The
passage was adopted with the understanding that it was mildly
ambiguous to allow for cases such as 'Father' Hans, and therefore no
changes are necessary.  Many board members believe that
the addition of the 'campus community' might result in troubles with
the University.

Grandfather clause:
Peter Shipley, presented his 'grandfather' clause
for consideration by the board of directors.  Intended for the bylaws
it states 'if the membership requirements change [or your
qualifications change] you can MAINTAIN an active membership as long
as your an active member.  This would solve the Hans bitch/question,
and those of 'soon-to-be' graduates.

After some discussion the ocf bod agreed that while it likes the
general idea, it cannot commit itself or future bods to this policy by
formalizing it


User Stuff:
Adam Ricter suggested that an account form for users be
written up soon.  This was generally agreed on, discussion of actual
wording to take place at the next meeting.

Introductory Documentation is needed for our users, both introductory
and ocf-oriented.  It was agreed that bod members should should bring
a come to the next meeting with a list of topics that need
documentation.

Peter Shipley stated that he was sure that he could get user
documentation from Lurnix.  They're a local unix training place, which
wrote 'Unix for People'.

Training: 
A very general description of the Apollo training was given
by Drew and Robert.  Apparently it was useful in exposing some of the
problems we will have.  Concern was expressed that the trainees would
be unavailable to the ocf during the summer, when most of the
debugging of these machines will take place.  Hopefully, members will
make an effort to learn from them before their departure.

A show of hands revealed that 3/4s of those attending will be present
in some form in Berkeley during the summer.


A copy of the info received by Drew and Robert at Apollo is to be
placed in the CSUA office for general perusal.

Administrative Details: 
'bh' requested copies of old and future
minutes.  He also complained that the minutes were not being posted to
the net as promised.  After some argument he agreed with our
contention that posting of such trivia as this could only hurt our
cause.  It was agreed that he would be either added to 'ocf@widow' or
explicitly mailed copies.

A re-reading of our constitution revealed that the OCF is obligated to
meet the second week after spring break.  No doubt this will be a
subject of discussion at the next meeting.


At about 7:20 the meeting adjourned.

Next meeting: 3/17/89 same bat time, same bat channel

minutes disorganized by Adam Glass.



