Date: Thu, 20 Apr 89 23:16:40 PDT
From: dean@mars.Berkeley.Edu (R. Drew Dean)
To: ocf@widow.Berkeley.Edu
Subject: 4-20-89 minutes

Minutes of the April 20, 1989 OCF Board of Directors Meeting
Taken, (such as they are), by Drew Dean
Meeting came to order at 6:05pm.

Directors Attending:
--------------------
Cimarron Taylor
Robert Cullmann
Ron Woan
Sean Rouse
Adam Richter
Gretchin Stude
Partha Banerjee
Case Larson
Adam Glass
Drew Dean
Antony Courtney
Jeff Wallace
Peter Shipley
Dave Sharnoff

Directors Absent:
-----------------
Marc Hertlein

Guests:
-------
Shelley Louie

Partha mentioned that he had heard from Keith Bostic, looking for some help
with the preparation of 4.4 BSD.  A lot of things need to be rewritten (from
scratch), (ie. /bin/* and /usr/bin/*).  The board discussed the matter, and
agreed that this would probably be a good thing for us to do, but individually,
and not as an organization.  Cimarrron asked why Phil Lapsley (sp?) was the
first to receive mail about this.  Much discussion followed, with the
conclusion that Keith Bostic knew Phil, and sent him mail asking about what
undergraduate organizations might be able to help.  If you want to help,
send mail to Partha. (psb@widow)  The following people said that they were
interested in helping: Robert Cullmann, Adam Richter, Partha Banerjee,
Case Larson, Adam Glass, Drew Dean, Peter Shipley, and Dave Sharnoff.

The Apollos are supposed to ship tomorrow.  The machines should arrive the
first week of May, and some of us should be there, but not all of us.  Send
Peter mail if you want to be there. (shipley@widow)

A sample module from Lurnix was brought to the meeting, do we want to use
this as part of our documentation ?  Look at it in the next week if you haven't
already.  Nobody has written anything yet.

There was nothing new to report re: bylaws, user etiquette, or policies.

The meeting adjourned at 6:26pm.
Marc Hertlein arrived at 6:27pm.
