Date: Sat, 6 May 89 03:18:29 PDT
From: adamj@WEB.Berkeley.Edu
To: ocf
Subject: 5/4/89 Board of Directors meeting minutes

	    Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting
			Thursday, 1989 May 4.

Directors in Atendance:
	Rober Cullmann
	Cimarron Taylor
	Jeff Wallace
	Marc Hertlein
	Sean Rouse
	Drew Dean
	Adam Glass
	Case Larson
	Partha Banerjee
	Gretchen Stude
	Adam J. Richter
	Peter Shipley

Guests:
	Daniel Efron	
	Shelley Louie
	Gary Tse

Directors Absent:
	David Muir Sharnoff
	Antony Courtney

Meeting called to order about 6:10pm.

	David Muir Sharnoff is purged for missing two consecutive
regularly scheduled BoD meetings.

	We spent almost two hours bickering about how to run the OCF
during the summer.  We decided the following:

	1. As soon as possible, in the Fall, the full OCF board of
	   directors will meet to review all OCF actions during of the
	   summer.

	2. Over the summer, we will informally discuss and attempt to
	   formulate OCF policies, however they will not be
	   permanently adopted until the Fall.

	2. The summer OCF will not make standing policy decisions.

	3. The summer managers will include Partha and Peter
	   functioning for all practical purposes as General Manager
	   and Site Manager.

	4. After Jeff Wallace left, we decided that the OCF board
	   members who are here during the summer will meet as they
	   see fit with attendance bylaws suspended.  I.e., the summer
	   OCF hierarchy will be a slightly smaller shadow image of the
	   normal OCF hierarchy and will function analogously, subject
	   to the enumerated restrictions above.

	In the language of the constitution, we appointed ourselves as
acting directors, and the hierarcy that we established for ourselves
over the summer mimics the normal OCF structure.

	The next ocf Board of Directors meeting will be at 6:00pm on
May 4th, 1989.

Meeting adjourned around 8:00pm.
