Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
bencuan
bplate
btorres
dapark
ethanhu
etw
jyxzhang
kian
longlian
ncograin
njha
rameesha
rjz
trinityc
yehchanyoo

Guests in attendance:
drestiny*
nboihem*
oliverni*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 12

Meeting Started at 19:10

## Agenda

### BoD Note-taking

### Status updates
- New advisor: Lauren replacing Mickael
    - interrim advisor
    - GMs will be scheduling meetings with her somewhat regularly
    - 
- Keycard roster updates
    - do we want to prune list?
    - there's the suspicion that they don't care
    - mostly old staff who graduated
- Mailroom access
    - 1-3 ppl
    - "designated mail person"
    - contract?
    - alum mailing id??
- Participating in SUFMO Open House
    - rt#12331
    - Thu 2/2, 12-3pm
    - kian has responded, we'll be giving out stickers and then giving a tote bag to the raffle winner
- Changing BoD time
    - njha: there's no real reason to do this other than historical reasons
    - changed to wed due to early closing on mon during covid
    - benefit: don't need to worry about bod spilling over to gm time
    - cons: would need to come twice
    - 
- HPC bringup??
    - finally figured out why it didn't work before
    - require 2 interfaces (active LACP)
    - still setting up software stack
    - SMs: what to use the ssds for (/home/datasets that staff manage?)
    - njha: ___ lab uses nfs but needs local storage for locks and stuff
- tabling
    - moffitt, outside 4th floor entrance
    - glade
    - cal dining (lmao)
        - foothill, cafe 3, croads, ckc
    - agile tabling on sproul????
        - hold my ladder -tinder for friends
- edposting
    - getting the word out
    - preconstruct messages
    - when to have first gm?

### Fixing the OCF for Reopening
- opstaff planning to open next Mon
- etw: we can maybe cordon the affected region
- njha: it's being actively worked on
- jyxzhang: i don't trust the bureaucracy
- two computers broken, monitors, keyboard
    - how broken is broken? - rjz
    - Stop taking apart working computers and breaking them thanks (or atleast put it back together) - anddone
- vote: allocate blanket budget for misc repairs
    - njha: don't think it'll be over 100? 250?
    - rjz took them apart, will reassemble
    - jyxzhang: can we just sm discretion this?
- also theres a leak (except not data)

### Berkeley Subdomain Moratorium
- ncograin: moving OCF official stance to "oppose" the policy
    - feels that feedback was v negative, and we should at least try to oppose it
    - we need to reach more to the committee that's deciding
    - we want to get more involvement from other ppl, faculty, clubs, etc.
    - will send emails
    - jyxzhang: how do we all feel about opposing the policy
    - what are the consequences?
    - njha: asuc seems to be fine w/ it
    - jyxzhang: special presentation to asuc senate?
    - etw: get asuc cto involvement
    - ethanhu: any stem senators?
    - njha: also talk to ucb cto
    - ncograin: i feel like if we move forward we can't really backpedal
    - jyxzhang: will they take power away from ocf if we oppose strongly?
    - njha: they could also say no \*\*\*.berkeley.edu domains
    - njha, etw: admin just wants to reduce variability and branding-related legal liability etc.
    - etw: the point of \*.rso is to point out that it's clearly unofficial
    - ethanhu: small disclaimer?
    - njha: they don't think it's sufficient
    - njha: even proposed having a prominent banner on every student page, they didn't like that
    - ncograin: someone needs to pick up the slack of hosting student websites
    - njha: if we showed any opposition we wouldve been completely cut off from the conversation (we are already ~90% cut off)
    - njha: some ppl thought it's fine, don't have the critical mass to oppose?
    - jyxzhang: tbp is probably the biggest deal, they will be heavily affected
    - ncograin: also other non-ocf hosted websites, like ieee
    - jyxzhang: contacting the influential clubs might be helpful
    - etw: we mentioned calesports and they said they would also need to talk to them
    - ...
    
- upcoming:
    - ask Patrick for other people on the committee - potentially to direct feedback at
        - getting help from lauren on this too
    - email important clubs/orgs, esp w/ faculty connections
    - follow up with brian, bill - contact bahar (helped in 2013, in admin)

### Funding Status
- CACSSF just opened 2 days ago
- we'll be scheduling a meeting with Lauren next week to begin work on it
- we have some previous materials, might be useful
- let GMs know if you'd like to help writing our application

### Notable RT Tickets
- [rt#12326](https://ocf.io/rt/12326): enable `curl_exec` on PHP
- [rt#12314](https://ocf.io/rt/12314): compromise, already sorried
- [rt#12307](https://ocf.io/rt/12307): WP update issue
- [rt#12306](https://ocf.io/rt/12306): HPC access
- [rt#12286](https://ocf.io/rt/12286): WP issue?
- [rt#12283](https://ocf.io/rt/12283): alumni account join
- [rt#12253](https://ocf.io/rt/12253): alumni account join
- [rt#12239](https://ocf.io/rt/12239): HPC access
- [rt#12226](https://ocf.io/rt/12226): HPC access
- [rt#12212](https://ocf.io/rt/12212): TBP separate web & email accounts
- [rt#12155](https://ocf.io/rt/12155): app hosting request (hostname already exists)
- [rt#12140](https://ocf.io/rt/12140): HPC access
- [rt#11965](https://ocf.io/rt/11965): data transfer b/n accounts
- [rt#12131](https://ocf.io/rt/12131): HPC access
- [rt#12102](https://ocf.io/rt/12102): app hosting request (hostname already exists)
- [rt#11596](https://ocf.io/rt/11596): faculty offsite hosting

### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
- Add more items to buy this semester: ocf.io/buy

### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt


## Committee Check-ins

### University Affairs
**ADD STUFF HERE**

### Opstaff Updates
- maintenance kit for papercut
- staff volunteer introductions to opstaff
    - proper staff volunteer introduction
    - if there is some event that we can do for that
    - last sem: first staff social, but that didn't really do much
    - an event specifically for this?
    - specific date/time? not sure, can bring up at first opstaff weekly meeting
    - won't have until the week after next week
    - can get back to bod
- SWE Saturday closures
    - email from SWE
    - need 25 seats
    - will we be fully closed w/o opstaff onsite
    - or close to the public w/ opstaff
    - kian: should be closed to the public
    - staff volunteers?
    - 10-12 on sat
    - probably need to work on an agreement a la atdp
    - etw: possibly needs to set up a shared login a la atdp
    - Feb 4 - Mar 25
    - jyxzhang: should we do this? atdp was during the summer, feels a lil different
    - rameesha: if ppl need to use ocf we can tell them to come after 12, also ppl should have more availablity on wknds
    - rameesha: having a uniform environment can be helpful
    - ncograin: is this a question of restricting access or paying opstaff for non-ocf related events
    - oliverni: serve as pilot run for people renting out the lab?
    - etw: we can agree upfront and if they need something we don't support they can find something else
    - also need to pass the MoU to legal
    - jyxzhang: how long will that take?
    - njha: more of a formality
    - vote: 7 weeks w/ opstaff, sat 10-12, they need to say sponsored by OCF
        - passed
        - anddone will send follow up
    

- more opstaff socials; movie night, ice skating, bowling, big c, etc :D
    - feel like actual activities would be nice in addition to food
- opstaff updates earlier in the meeting? 
    - yep, move to first thing in BoD agenda

### Internal Comm
- Setting up meeting time. Tuesday 7pm for now. Will be confirmed again soon.
 
### External Comm
- Planned Events
  - EFA Events throughout semester [Open Ended Topics]
    - Create plans+Dates for events with interest forms (Consider during staff meetings?)
  - SWE++ Saturdays for teaching middle school students
  - Continue contacting companies for collaborations/computers for the OCF 
  - Setup meeting time (When2Meet)
      - https://www.when2meet.com/?18375168-B7hvF
  - If a lot of companies want to give talks, we will work on compiling a list and reaching out
- bencuan: can we pls get tech talks this sem, there are a lot of companies who want to do this
    - Will reach out, I remember cockroachdb being good (Could use help) - anddone
    - Will work on setting up external comm meetings; will start working on emails to reach out next week
      - teleport (see officers@)
      - palo alto networks? (andylo)
      - possibly salesforce (billqmao)
      - cockroachdb?
      - can reach out to alums (yelp, meta...)

### Finance Comm
- Mid-Year Budget Outline (Due 1/23)
- Work on CACSSF probably
- trinityc - when will we start weekly meetings?
- 

### Decal Comm
 - facilitator meeting thurs (tomorrow) 8pm
 - pls become facilitator (teach in vlsb 2060)

### sm comm
- njha comm

**NEW DOCS** https://docs.ocf.berkeley.edu

I have written some docs. It is not a lot of docs but they are there! We want to put all docs here (especially things that are not computer related, like how to recycle and stuff)-- so if you learned anything about the ocf please write some stuff in the docs ðŸ˜Š

**KUBERNETES** it is almost done for real this time i swear... we also have a message queue... yep


Meeting Adjourned at 20:12

Notetaker: rjz
