Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
amangalampalli
anddone
bencuan
bplate
btorres
ethanhu
etw
kashun
kian
lharriscal
nboihem
ncograin
njha
rjz
yehchanyoo

Guests in attendance:
trinityc*
anirud
jaysag
jedakrisnell
jtchan
rminjy
ronitnath

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 11

Meeting Started at 18:41

### OCF Chat Policy

Proposal: Chat privileges (including IRC, Discord, Slack) may be taken away (henceforth, "chat ban") by an SM or GM for any reason, provided that...

1. BoD is notified of the chat ban at the next BoD meeting.
2. BoD then votes to approve the chat ban.

If BoD fails to approve the chat ban, chat privileges will be reinstated. If BoD approves the chat ban, an appeal will no longer be possible. Note that this is not equivalent to a ban as per the regular OCF banning policy, as the banned individual will retain their OCF account and may continue to utilize non-chat services. This rule will be applied retroactively starting January 1, 2023.

(vote on this)

comments:
- kpengboy (via email):
    - Have we considered a more general partial ban policy? For example, there was one case from my days when we were considering banning a certain OCF member from the lab but not totally disabling their account. Perhaps one should consider if this policy should be made applicable to other services as well.
        - yes but this is probably fine for now
    - The lack of any right to appeal, or even a right to be notified of an impending ban, concerns me. How can we ensure that a permanent ban will not be applied over allegations that may turn out to be false?
        - if you can't get one person on BoD to stand up for you, then ban is probably warranted
        - chat is a social thing, different from taking away useful (i.e. computational) resources

- vote passes unanimously -- proposal adopted

- rchopra ban: vote passes, ban will remain in effect

### Opstaff Updates
*Due to a time-conflict I cannot be here sadge*
- Talked to opstaff about the SUFMO keycard at 5pm thing and possible suggestion to ask SUFMO to enact that at ~7pm (sundown)?
- Opstaff from SWE on sat said it went smoothly
- Project Updates
    - Rachel sent subdomain graphics to Kian to review --> new project is supply closet organization
    - Socials posting is currently on pause because of some personal matters but I'll delegate this responsibility to another opstaff --> posts will be posted soon
    - Sticker design being worked on
    - Signage like Cal ID and emergency contact information for the front desk will hopefully go up this week!
    - Opstaff command manual almost done --> just need to take pictures of commands in terminal and add them


### Status updates
- **This BoD meeting is at 6:30pm instead of the usual 7pm**
- dataloss short on space
    - ceph???
        - it currently doesn't have backups
    - emailed 3 sites with >30GB usage
    - quota not enforced on public_html?
- SWE++ event
    - Any issues last week?
- More alums emailing wanting to remove themselves from ocf@lists.berkeley.edu
    - Should restrict sending on the list
        - done -kian
            - lmk if you aren't on it and need access to send
    - in the future can we just email ocf@lists.berkeley.edu? staff@ocf is harder to opt out of and may not go to their preferred email -kian
- Invitation to Tech Leaders Luncheon
    - Organized by OCTO, will be this Friday
- Guest speaker tonight: Andy Lo!
    - Any more preparations needed?
        - usb-c hub for slides?
    - Pizza logistics?
        - plates/napkins
        - 4 pizzas of the day from Sliver
        - walk down, pick up, bring here
    - GMs will be at presentation of subdomain resolution to ASUC, may not be there for the whole time
- Staff Conduct at OCF (rchopra)

### Berkeley Subdomain Moratorium
- Summary page: https://ocf.io/subdomains
- ASUC Senate resolution: https://ocf.io/s/SubdomainSenateResolution
    - Will be presenting this to the ASUC senate tonight for voting
- Emails to write:
    - Response to Bahar Navab (helped in 2013)
    - Sub-subdomain suggestions to Patrick

### Funding Status
- ABSA
    - Finished! :tada:
- Big Give
    - Final numbers?
        - :sparkles:nobody knows:sparkles:

### Notable RT Tickets
- [rt#12635](https://ocf.io/rt/12635): HPC access
- [rt#12648](https://ocf.io/rt/12648): compromise
- [rt#12647](https://ocf.io/rt/12647): account recovery
- [rt#12642](https://ocf.io/rt/12642): emails bouncing
- [rt#12625](https://ocf.io/rt/12625): "ink cartridge donations"
    - I think they are asking if we can take more "ink cartridge" donations? 
    - I'd guess no, but any thoughts?
- [rt#12626](https://ocf.io/rt/12626), [rt#12627](https://ocf.io/rt/12627): outdated apache version
    - iirc this is something about the version header not displaying the .10 at the end?
- [rt#12618](https://ocf.io/rt/12618): lost ID card
- [rt#12598](https://ocf.io/rt/12598): PHP curl_exec (again)
- [rt#12595](https://ocf.io/rt/12595): unreliable mail forwarding
- [rt#12589](https://ocf.io/rt/12589), [rt#12596](https://ocf.io/rt/12596): alumni account deletion
    - same person; btorres replied; how do we delete accounts ðŸ—¿
    - they've sent another email 3/14, really want their account deleted
- [rt#12212](https://ocf.io/rt/12212): TBP separate web & email accounts

### Buy Sheet
- [ocf.io/buysheet](http://ocf.io/buysheet)
- Add more items to buy this semester: [ocf.io/buy](http://ocf.io/buy)
- idea: OCF eGPU enclosure - let users use the spare GPUs
    - Drivers?
    - also no more eGPU support for M1/2

### BoD Queue
- [ocf.io/rt](http://ocf.io/rt)

## Committee Check-ins

### Internal Comm
- successful climbing social
- 3/15 Meeting --> guest speaker
- GM 4: staff training being prepared by bencuan
- next social: Minecraft server/LAN
    - planned for after spring break
    - need help setting up server and software on computers

### External Comm
- tech talk today! Plus :moyai:izza
    - From Slivers :) Thanks Andy and Ethan and Ben for picking it up

### Finance Comm
- ABSA and Big Give done
- ASUC Grants?
- Explore other funding sources (contingency plans)
- Finance Dashboard
- Changes to Budgeting process


### Decal Comm
**ADD THINGS HERE**

Meeting Adjourned at 19:01

Notetaker: etw
