Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
amangalampalli
anddone
anirudhsuresh
bencuan
bplate
btorres
dapark
drestiny
ericyang
ethanhu
etw
kian
ncograin
njha
oliverni
rameesha
rjz
trinityc
yehchanyoo

Guests in attendance:
bryli*
jaysa*
kashun*
andytsai
jtchan
lharriscal
saruul

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.


Quorum for this meeting is 11

Meeting Started at 19:12

### Status updates

* Volunteer staff need to add staff hours! (<https://ocf.io/shs>)
* Open Computing Fountain
  * Open Ceiling Facility
* B&G storage access (email to officers@)
  * If cleared, can someone respond to this email (not an RT ticket)
  * seems resolvedâ€¦?
  * Think about long term storage plan
  * Less things now, still need more e-waste recyclingâ€¦
* SWE++ event
  * Any issues last week?
  * mostly ok
* Reminder: Fire drill 02/27/2023 - 9:15am
  * Opening as usual
* Reminder: Power outage for MLK **second floor** 02/23/2023 6:30-7:30am
  * Should not impact us
* OCF Keycard Roster
  * <https://ocf.io/s/keycard/roster>
  * Kian has put together this spreadsheet for people who are allowed (and probably already have) OCF keycard access
  * **If you are an officer, you should have access to this sheet - put your name down**
  * **If not, please ask a GM/SM to add you BEFORE you request keycard access**

### Berkeley Subdomain Moratorium

* Had meeting with Patrick today
  * Student domains pretty much dead
    * Talk with ASUC CTO today
    * ğŸ’¥ğŸ¥šğŸ’¨
  * Notes: <https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/cYwDfXFlTYC5OzBVQ6Xc4Q>
    * 4 yr redirect phase (supposedly later this year)
    * rjz: what about mail?
      * no clear answer - also no specific email discussion so far
  * Action item: decide on sub-subdomain
    * ideas?
      * org.berkeley.edu
      * ext.berkeley.edu
      * s.berkeley.edu (or other single character?)
      * stu.berkeley.edu?
      * xn--c38h.berkeley.edu :rage:
        * +1 Support
  * currently has no actual legal basis (according to CIO?) - Saruul
    * government mandates explicitly exclude student organizations
  * concern about losing connections + financial impacts
  * need to categorize groups into how much they will be impacted
  * limiting factor - just Patrick managing
  * want to bring ASUC OCTO + ASUC into the conversation - saruul
  * ~~do we want to put the subdomain on the PSL - etw~~
* Also met w/ Saruul (ASUC CTO) today
  * **(just happened, so there may be no notes here)**

### Funding Status

* CACSSF **(Due 3/1)**
  * Almost done!
  * Some inconsistencies with budgeting
    * FA22 payout (real): [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hcbCLxnhHMnZUsWyJNNgH-iDStM0lFQNG2zLvRRLlSA/edit#gid=848858305]()
    * â€œestimatedâ€ SP23: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YPZSBAvvrY9xiPXnBKgriE8zZKHgzcBzaX-4ZQU610I/edit#gid=1876917466]()
      * +25 hours per opstaff to account for â€œpotential saturday shiftsâ€ (Rameesha)
      * Question of hourly rate needing to increase bc of minimum wage increase from City of Berkeley? (State of CA increases have stopped this year: https://www.dir.ca.gov/dlse/faq_minimumwage.htm)
    * CACSSF application budget: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16DhGMK4pYysZL0oJFMliFcWwJmbTYcz9KfkjrFJB7To/edit#gid=0>
  * Had a meeting with Lauren 2/21:
    * Looked over application, left some comments (to be resolved)
    * Will ask Mickael about â€œconsultationâ€ question (people who we are supposed to be consulting - James, Chaka, Sutton - donâ€™t want to be consulted about it)
    * Lauren will also send a follow-up to Chaka: approach to this is to ask for what he can recommend us to - not necessarily CACSSF
* IREF
  * Sent info to James 2/21 morning, no response yet
  * Included: brief explanation of OCF benefit, budget, usage
* ABSA **(Due 3/8)**
  * Should start on this soon too, application opens 2/20
  * Went to infosession - much of same info required as CACSSF
  * Money wonâ€™t be available until second week of August 2023
* Big Give (Starts 3/9)

### DDR Cabinet Situation

* MLK saysâ€¦ go away!
  * They are trying to relocate the cabinet.
  * OCF owns the computer and monitor
  * DG@B working on getting space - should know results by end of week(?)
    * otherwise going in storage
  * OCF will hold on to computer+monitor until new location decided

    \

### Notable RT Tickets

* [rt#12439](https://ocf.io/rt/12439): HPC access
* [rt#12212](https://ocf.io/rt/12212): TBP separate web & email accounts
* [rt#12140](https://ocf.io/rt/12140): HPC not working
  * done?


### Buy Sheet

* [ocf.io/buysheet](http://ocf.io/buysheet)
* Add more items to buy this semester: [ocf.io/buy](http://ocf.io/buy)


### BoD Queue

* [ocf.io/rt](http://ocf.io/rt)


## Committee Check-ins

### Opstaff Updates

* Project updates:
* Socials (Meet the staff form going out soon)
  * content ideas for Instagram?
    * advertise guest speakers/events
* Mousepads â€”> ficomm?
* General OCF sign submitted to ASUC for advertising
* Color printer â€”> ink for CAL ID poster?
  * still one set? -rjz
* Feedback form -â†’ add pages directly after someone completes it 


### Internal Comm

* GM4 will be more of committee group check-ins
* Discussion on changing GM formats to make it more engaging
  * staff training?
  * Having a rotation of different committees presenting updates every week
  * Move committee checkins to GM? -njha
    * what happens to minutes? -etw
      * take minutes during staff + add to end of BoD minutes?

  \

### External Comm

Talks

* Andy Lo still confirmed for March 15th, 7pm
* working on getting two more talks for April
* rchopra might give talk next week(not likely) or April (most likely)
* working on flyer for this now, should be done next week
* if anyone has contacts or anyone who they would like to see (realistically) pls DM one of the external heads or post a message in external-comm chat so we can send an email
* someone from LTT responded :moyai:**ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿ğŸ—¿**
* sending more emails tonight; sent one to Nick Weaver in the last hour

Big Give (on March 9th)

* working on flyer, should be done next week
* working on reward system (if you donate X you will get Y)
  * pins, tote bags, shirts


### Finance Comm

* see Funding Status above


### Decal Comm

* its happening
* if anyone wants to work on vms reach out


Meeting Adjourned at 19:58

Notetaker: etw
