Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
amangalampalli
anirudhsuresh
bencuan
bplate
ericyang
etw
kian
ncograin
oliverni
rjz
trinityc
yehchanyoo

Guests in attendance:
dapark*
jaysa*
aaronzheng

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 10

Meeting Started at 19:18

### Opstaff Updates
- Hiring Application follow up
    - made the google form and added some questions re: responsibilities and how they would prioritize the ocf?
    - Possibly deleting OM position on app since mostly interested in current opstaff going for this  position
        - do we need to keep the om position for people to apply to?
        - bencuan: idk why we always had the om position but hired OM from current opstaff
        - kian: should we ask lauren?
        - if we don't need to include it we can just remove it 
    - Anything else to do before sending it out?
        - kian: slack and email people who logged into ocf this semester
        - goal is finish interviewing during the semester
        - 1 om, 3 oas
        - form open for 3 weeks, interviews and deliberations
- Opstaff Follow-Ups
    - Staff Hours --> Put a white board on the door and have staff "check-in" by writing name and time on the white board as well as where someone can find them (make staff stay in one spot)
        - difficulty checking if staff is in the lab
        - staff can check in so people needing help know where to go
        - can add whiteboard to buysheet
        - bencuan: feel like its mostly on staff, should tell opstaff where we are sitting
    - Subdomain graphic? Sent to Kian then Nikhil
        - status?
        - kian: gave some minor feedbacks, other than that seems good
        - ncograin: did it mention the senate resolution? might need to change since people can't sign that anymore
    - Getting rid of Lost and Found --> do we just give it to MLK lost and found?
        - getting full
        - what's the procedure to get rid of some items?
        - do we just give it to MLK lost and found?
        - give to ReUSE
        - poster?
        - actually posting the items might have privacy issues
        - how to get rid of electronics properly?
        - post on instagram about lost and found -> give to ReUSE
    - Stickers order --> designs made and will be posted in slack soon
        - ficomm: sure
        - bencuan: we don't have the club penguin design, have checked everywhere 
    - New error on printer abt Force Rasterization --> Anyway to make this a default
        - rjz updated firmware on printer
        - need force rasterization to print properly
        - rachel noticed a couple of times
        - doesn't seem like it :( -etw
        - njha: can we hack it somehow
        - look out for trends in erroring documents

### Status updates
- dataloss short on space
    - ceph???
        - it currently doesn't have backups \>:(
    - emailed 3 sites with >30GB usage
    - quota not enforced on public_html?
    - now have ~330GB free
- SWE++ event finale
    - see [rt#12667](https://ocf.io/rt/12667)
    - want to have somewhere between 20 and 50 people in OCF on 4/15 from 10am-3pm
        - need to close the lab...
        - do we need to close lab after?
    - we can just say no
    - not enough computers
    - final event on April 8
    - not holding the event this sat
- Tech Leaders Luncheon
    - Organized by OCTO
    - Discussed retention in clubs, impact, DE&I, etc
    - General idea: have a wider "stem clubs" support group
    - Floated idea of STF revival
- SUFMO resident relations meeting
    - Met with Amybelle and KC (lead Building Operations Assistants)
    - Ceiling tiles: they're very old (and not manufactured anymore) so it's difficult to get them replaced
    - Asked about extended keycard: will poke supervisor
    - For non-emergency issues (i.e. unauthorized person): call the SUB phone (card provided to opstaff), then they will escalate to UCPD/relevant entity (if applicable)
        - (we should update our emergency cards)
        - last time called MLK security, they advised to call UCPD, and UCPD said not to call them
    - Want to set up monthly meetings w/ all of OCF, so in future the meeting link for this will be sent to all ocfstaff (or they might come to BoD)
- New ASUC Chartered Programs credit card
    - Would allow us to make purchases with it easier, just need to email Lauren once the PR is made and approved
- ASUC President endorsement
    - njha: we are not allowed to do that
    - as part of asuc we can't sponsor candidates

### Berkeley Subdomain Moratorium
- Senate resolution passed!
- Next steps: ASUC will send letter to Patrick

### Funding Status
- ABSA
    - Received the full amount! ~$40k! :tada:

### Notable RT Tickets
- [rt#12691](https://ocf.io/rt/12691): vhost disable
- [rt#12686](https://ocf.io/rt/12686): content removal
- [rt#12668](https://ocf.io/rt/12668): multiservice apphosting (CS10)
- [rt#12582](https://ocf.io/rt/12582): gsuite for vhost
- [rt#12230](https://ocf.io/rt/12230): compromise
- [rt#12665](https://ocf.io/rt/12665): compromise mitigation
- [rt#12667](https://ocf.io/rt/12667): SWE tech day
- [rt#12666](https://ocf.io/rt/12666): compromise (email from security)
- [rt#12648](https://ocf.io/rt/12648): compromise
- [rt#12647](https://ocf.io/rt/12647): account recovery
- [rt#12642](https://ocf.io/rt/12642): emails bouncing
- [rt#12618](https://ocf.io/rt/12618): lost ID card
- [rt#12598](https://ocf.io/rt/12598): PHP curl_exec (again)
- [rt#12595](https://ocf.io/rt/12595): unreliable mail forwarding
- [rt#12589](https://ocf.io/rt/12589), [rt#12596](https://ocf.io/rt/12596): alumni account deletion
    - same person; btorres replied; how do we delete accounts ðŸ—¿
    - they've sent another email 3/14, really want their account deleted
- [rt#12212](https://ocf.io/rt/12212): TBP separate web & email accounts

### Buy Sheet
- [ocf.io/buysheet](http://ocf.io/buysheet)
- Add more items to buy this semester: [ocf.io/buy](http://ocf.io/buy)

### BoD Queue
- [ocf.io/rt](http://ocf.io/rt)

## Committee Check-ins

### Internal Comm
- What to do with Eruption? (Triple monitor Windows desktop)
    - Still a gaming rig? Staff-only? Process for adding users?
    - Dual boot / wipe and put an open-source linux distro (O in OCF)?
    - keyboard stolen :(
- Training after Spring Break
    - Networking
        - Designed by Ben Cuan
- Today's GM: chill and board games
    - say heartfelt goodbyes to fellow staffers b4 spring break :'(
    
### External Comm
- Andy Lo event went well!
    - Lots of socializing
    - Can likely expect 10+ pizzas next time
- Schedule for future events + talks
    - Nick Weaver talk on 4/26
- unlikely to get 3rd speaker between now and the 26th (;_;)
- LTT responded, too busy at the moment, wants us to reach out again closer to Winter

### Finance Comm
- Finance Dashboard for searching and summarizing (chose Beancount over excel)
- Contingency plans (not much possible except with misc funds)
- ASUC Grants (upto $1k)
- Received ABSA preliminary funding of $40,630 as requested. (Unlikely to change?)
- Budgeting process earlier.
- Big Give: $1,280.38 (excluding prizes)


### Decal Comm
**ADD THINGS HERE**

Meeting Adjourned at 20:17

Notetaker: rjz
