Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
amangalampalli
anddone
bencuan
bplate
btorres
dapark
drestiny
ericyang
ethanhu
etw
jaysag
kian
nboihem
ncograin
njha
oliverni
rameesha
rjz
trinityc
yehchanyoo

Guests in attendance:
anirudhsuresh*
kashun

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 11

Meeting Started at 19:14

trying out outline!

### Status updates

* Volunteer staff need to add staff hours! (<https://ocf.io/shs>)
* Open Computing Fountain
  * Open Ceiling Facility
* B&G storage access (email to officers@)
  * If cleared, can someone respond to this email (not an RT ticket, someone on external maybe?)
  * Think about long term storage plan
  * Less things now, still need more e-waste recyclingâ€¦
* SWE++ event
  * Any issues last week?
    * Ask bencuan
* Fire drill 02/27/2023 - 9:15am
  * OCF opens at 9am (Monday) - do we want to just open later?
  * Alternate case is opening then everyone almost immediately leaves
  * usually long line on Monday before opening
  * verdict: open as usual
* Power outage for MLK **second floor** 02/23/2023 6:30-7:30am
  * Should not impact us
  * rjz: on a side note, thereâ€™s a UPS sitting in the rack, we might want to set that up
    * 20A plug, so we need to unplug the PDU before setting it up
  * check max VA/W rating though
* Can SMs check why corruption isnâ€™t rebooting properly?
  * ask rjz for ipmi password, not yet in /opt/passwords
* OCF roster
  * People requesting keycard
  * Lauren (approver) sends an email every time
    * last year approver was switched from GMs to advisor
  * Has requested we make a roster so she knows whoâ€™s part of the OCF and who isnâ€™t
    * we should anyways (keep track of everyone with access)
  * One from a previous semester?
    * find access list from yearly departmental emails

### Berkeley Subdomain Moratorium

* Patrick back from vacation, sent email to him to schedule meeting next week
  * He is doing interviews this week, did not want to get lost in that
* It is time to email the faculty

### Funding Status

* IREF
  * During meeting w/ James, he brought up $100k available from IREF
  * b/c VPN from China was only reaching 1 student, so project sunset & $100k back in pot
  * James will try to get us recurring IREF funding if we submit budget spreadsheets, lab usage stats to him before the end of the week
  * donâ€™t count on it
* CACSSF **(Due 3/1)**
  * ficomm is working on application, has budget spreadsheet mostly done
  * Met with James and went to infosession today, rescheduling with Chaka and maybe another
* ABSA **(Due 3/8)**
  * Should start on this soon too, application opens 2/20
* Big Give (Starts 3/9)


### Notable RT Tickets

* ~~[rt#12283](https://ocf.io/rt/12283): alumni account join~~
  * policy for no new alumni accounts
* [rt#12212](https://ocf.io/rt/12212): TBP separate web & email accounts
* [rt#12414](https://ocf.io/rt/12414): remove from vhost mail
* [rt#12140](https://ocf.io/rt/12140): HPC not working
  * lemme check - rjz
  * virt-manager doesnâ€™t work on macos :slightly_frowning_face:
  * segfault fs required manual fsck, fixed - rjz


### Buy Sheet

* [ocf.io/buysheet](http://ocf.io/buysheet)
* Add more items to buy this semester: [ocf.io/buy](http://ocf.io/buy)


### BoD Queue

* [ocf.io/rt](http://ocf.io/rt)


## Committee Check-ins

### Opstaff Updates

* fire drill?
* Project updates: 
  * Mousepads designed
    * any suppliers in mind?
      * no :( - need to find one
  * Socials â†’ meet the staff form going out soon IF U HAVENT DONE IT U MUST
    * meet the committees
  * Opstaff manual for common commands, any suggestions?
    * on opstaff drive
    * etw will script tv things later
  * Signage for hours and CAL ID going up soon


### Internal Comm

* njha Kubernetes lecture for GM3
* board game social Saturday 2/18
  * status on snacks?
  * should be able to get boba


### External Comm

* Reached out to Nvidia & CockroachDB last week (2/9) (no response but will try again maybe :moyai:)
* Also reached out to kmo and Andy Lo yesterday (2/14)
* Andy Lo will give talk March 15th !! (ty bencuan ðŸ™‚)
  * between 7-9pm (1h talk + Q&A)
  * any logistical questions I should ask about? 
  * will we cancel BoD? yes
* Will reach out to more people again this week
* Aiming for one talk on the 1st of March, two weeks from now
* Also looking to book someone for 1st week of April (4/5)


### Finance Comm

* Met last Saturday and worked on CACSSF application
  * [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M4uZOoSWBInG-Ss4mSvL1GTHxd-HH2P7XbLHJbWQTUk/edit]()
* CACSSF Office Hours  2/15, 12-12:45pm
  * no new information to note
  * committee members donâ€™t want to discuss but application asks for what committee members consulted with
* need to send data to James for IREF


### Decal Comm

* itâ€™s happening
* VLSB doors lock at 9â€¦

Meeting Adjourned at 19:50

Notetaker: etw
