Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
amangalampalli
anddone
anirudhsuresh
bencuan
bplate
btorres
dapark
ethanhu
etw
kian
nboihem
njha
oliverni
rameesha
rjz
trinityc
yehchanyoo

Guests in attendance:
bryli*
jaysa*
ncograin*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 12

Meeting Started at 19:17

## Agenda
THERE IS SODA
drink all of it please
why not cory -oliverni and ethanhu

### BoD Note-taking
rjz
trinityc

### Opstaff Updates
- Finals week scehdule made
    - 9am-8pm
    - closed sun 5/7
    - open finals week 5/8-5/12

### Opstaff Hiring
- interviews this week!
- OM interviews?
    - with Rameesha this week


### Status updates
- ordered 2 more toners from copy center
    - $282/toner
    - Arrived yesterday
    - Being depleted very quickly
        - toners are rated for 30,000 pages but
        - 3,000 pages printed and capacity is 30%
        - econo mode was off today
- request rollover for absa
    - Nothing needed on our side, will automatically apply (per Henry)
    - No rollover for STF
        - spend spend spend!!
- keycard access issue
    - only 6 people for after-hours access
    - unlimited for storage/server room access
    - UCPD different than building security - different sweeps/lists
        - They ask you if you have keycard access if you are here after hours
- B&G using more than their allocation of storage room space
    - no updates
- WiFi -- something wrong with the AP/cable
    - AP RMA did not fix
    - Swapping cables did not fix
    - not PoE injector problem
    - switch was the problem - does that warrant further investigations?
- SUFMO residents' meeting
    - ASUC will keep doing keycard after 5pm
        - replace security people with some other hire


### Voting
#### Current BoD Members
amangalampalli
anddone
anirudhsuresh
bencuan
bplate
dapark
ericyang
ethanhu
etw
kashun
kian
nboheim
ncograin
njha
oliverni
rameesha
rjz
ronitnath
trinityc
yehchanyoo


#### Nominations
- Spreadsheet here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/1/d/15QCuStrk6iF8r50Mr244wh78QOZ1Ec8TypcnKqkOiwo/edit?usp=sharing
- Three leadership positions per committee

#### SM
- rjz
    - i think you all know me
    - working with oliver on newkube
    - making sure that cuyrrent systems dont fall apart
    - figuring out next desktops
        - pretty contentious issue
    - making sure that lab is operating smoothly
    - what do you do with parts you buy? is there a record of the upgrade status of computers? -trinityc
        - there are various parts in inventory
        - plan is for cpus and mobos to be upgraded with new components
        - don't currently track upgrade status, but we have puppet hw inventory
        - don't use current inventory tracking system, but we need a better method of inventory tracking
    - can you commit to not buying before asking others? -njha
        - yes
    - how do you feel about the desktop upgrades? -jaysa
        - no strong opinion, unlike njha
        - ok with status quo
        - will discuss more with oliverni and njha
    - what's one thing the ocf doesn't current do that you hope begins? -anirudhsuresh
        - wordpress security
- oliverni
    - do kube stuff
    - will continue doing kube stuff as sm
    - working on migration to newkube
        - plan is to knock down oldkube by end of next semester
    - how do you plan to deal with legacy stuff? -njha
        - don't know how everything works yet, but plan is to learn how everything works
        - people who know how legacy stuff works are getting older
        - want to pick up knowledge so don't have a graduated SM
    - you have lots of other commitments, what's your time commitment to ocf? -njha
        - if i have actual responsibilities then it's something i will prioritize and commit to
    - how will you make up for the fact you're a genshin player? -jaysa
    - opinion on systemd? -ethanhu

[SM Voting if not uncontested](https://forms.gle/AJFHbXE77ZYxE2tN6)

#### GM
- jaysa
    - time conflict during bod so i wasn't there, no more conflict
        - sometimes money important
    - looked through the gdrive found old surveys, had some helpful stuff
        - would be nice to bring that back to know what people want in the lab
        - make better use of our money
    - want to expand the ocf docs more
        - will do regardless of being gm
    - work on permanent funding for opstaff stipends
    - staff hours whiteboard??
    - endorses bplate and dapark
    - questions?
        - time commitments -njha
            - 61a and math 1b, humanities uds
        - opinion on systemd? -njha
            - i thought systemd was bad but now I need to figure out if systemd is bad
            - uses openrc on antix, now uses gentoo
            - can recommend arch
        - comment re: seniority -bencuan
            - feel its better to have a younger GM as well
            - don't discount yourself
            - response: I feel like the title is not that important, you can work on things you want at the OCF
        - recover club penguin shirt -trinityc
            - yes
        - preferred tix?
            - no
- trinityc
    - running for gm bc people told me to
    - bring the penguin costume back
    - we want to have a way to make people stick around
    - wizard hats
    - general GM duties: emails, meetings, holding bod and GM
        - feel I can do that competently
    - questions:
        - time commitments? -njha
            - 61c, uds, no other clubs
        - ticket preference -bencuan
            - no preference, but only one
- dapark
    - sem planning socials, doing GMs, emails
    - enjoy meeting new people
    - fulfilling to see staff have fun
    - wish to continue serving ocf as the GM
    - feel like not many new people at bod
        - would be nice if GM and SMs collab with the committees
        - support them to have bi-weekly (?) tech talks
        - maybe collab with internal committees too
        - to have more new people at the OCF
    - interns for GMs and SMs
        - to make the transition smoother
        - can make new members feel more approachable to run for these positions

    - questions?
        - feel estranged when first joining the OCF since there was no real system, but then felt that it was what made ocf good -trinityc
        - about the GM SM intern thing?
            - if someone is interested about admin stuff it would be nice to have a set time for people to get more involved
            - in case sm and gms suddenly disappear
            - documentation
                - runbooks, etc.
                    - these exist
        - <discussion on access to the runbooks>
        - interns positions? will that be an elected position? -bryli
            - more like a committee so ppl interested in GM/SM stuff can have a set time to discuss and learn
            - we can talk more about implementation later
- bplate
    - was on web committee
    - expand opportunities for people who want to join OCF other than linux
    - want to bring more awareness to the different committees
        - there's so much to benefit from here
    - what could be imporved on, how would you bring awareness? -njha
        - ocf most well known for free printing, but let people know they can learn about linux infra, web full stack dev, marketing and organizing events
        - how? -njha
            - we have people coming here for printing, so maybe putting more informational signs here
            - holding meetings during the day if possible, exposing people not familiar to the OCF to more aspects of the OCF
    - commitment? -njha
        - 182, 186, a 194 on computer vision
        - graduating in the fall
        - will probably try to leave more time for things like the OCF


**[GM Voting if not uncontested](https://forms.gle/DDnH94QKYC5116ne8)**

#### Internal
- trinityc
    - i have things i want to do at internal
    - i check discord so I know what internal is doing
    - want to plan events, was part of board games and liked the hiking social
    - new member retention is important
    - want to make ocf a welcome place at the beginning and not being awkward
    - people come here but they feel estranged
    - njha pulled me in at the beginning of the semester about interests at the ocf
    - bring back club penguin merch, penguin costume
    - questions?
        - how do you see the ocf improving retention for non cs people? -yehchan
            - given the drama there will be less cs people
            - we say its not just about linux, but a lot of the people like to come and just hang out
            - emphasizing that it's a community for all people not computer nerds
        - tabling efforts? -jaysa
            - everyone wants to grab stuff, so we should have more swags to giveaway
            - i think we have enough funds to do that at tabling
- bryli
    - WAS internal for fall 22, i feel like we have a major increase in club size
    - this sem not much grow but that's ok
    - i had lots of ideas when I ran, change GM to projects, ddr, web linux etc
    - still want to pursue that, but need to have a clear idea on who are the project leads
    - ok to have board game meetings
    - 1. getting project leads
    - 2. ok to have board game meetings
    - questions?
        - njha: we should remake the first meeting slides
            - yes
            - we can fix the most important meetings
            - and then see how projects work out
        - first few meetings is key to staff retention -njha
            - people were confused re: what to do
            - i know what ocf is but don't know what to do
            - work on projects asap, would be best to delay first meeting until projects ramped up
            - can even push by up to a month
            - we need things for people to do and wo the projects there's not much
- yehchanyoo
    - done int and ficomm, also running for internal and ficomm
    - like this community for its openness
    - would do internal things like planning events etc
    - movies, hiking, etc
    - time commitment: graduating in fall, so course load fairly low
    - will be able to flexibly arrange my time and will be able to contribute more to the committee by attending regularly
    - questions:
        - preference? -dapark
            - can be flexible (both)
        - what do you think that can be improved at internal comm? -dapark
            - increase frequency and diversity of events
            - try to secure more funding for the internal events
            - bigger events like OCF retreat???
        - what are the things that you thought didn't go as smoothly this semesters and how would you improve them? -njha
            - not really sure
            - running fairly well, can't think of something in particular
        - fall, so a lot of newstaff joining, how do you plan to make them integrate into the OCF? -dapark
            - initially had trouble getting into the OCF due to the lack of bureaucracy
            - more support, more structured training like staff training labs
            - etc.

[Internal Voting if not uncontested](https://forms.gle/Wm9coP2mGJxHjnR47)
uncontested

#### External
- ethanhu combined speech
    - as for last sem's promises a lopt of them didn't apply to this sem
    - but quite successful with tech talks
    - felt like a lot of our responsibilities have been offset to the opstaff (social etc.)
    - should continue working with other offices
    - questions?
        - should we give speeches at once -anddone
        - what are some of the shortcomings of the events -njha
            - didn't stock up on napkins for the andy lo event
            - with the new wave of newstaff we should get them to external reliably
        - email linus in the fall? -jaysa
            - ltt said earliest would be winter break, so time to prep, but no guarantees
        - more open? -jaysa
            - would be nice to get a larger venue, but feel thats more like a gm responsibility
                - njha: you can def ask asuc to reserve space, eg. senate chamber, dwinnell, etc.
                - anddone: definitely something we can do, also helpful in getting newstaff
        - more misc funds from recruiting events? -jyxzhang
            - njha: even back then the ocf wasn't on the same level as hkn etc.
            - bencuan: we got payments, not huge but like $500 or something (covered pizza)
- anddone
    - as external comm we should advocate more for newstaff to get integrated
- btorres
    - want to get talks in the first month for newstaff

[External Voting if not uncontested](https://forms.gle/Bc7GhUoatzqSoQoK7)

#### Finance
- amangalapalli
    - CS70 final (not midterm)?????
    - ben pulled me to ficomm fall 22
    - would like to run for head again
    - want to focus on:
        - IREF funding
            - fell through due to other reasons
        - try to get more sustainable funding
        - spending
        - projects to involve more ficomm people to draw more people into finance
        - show people how money can be spent
- yehchanyoo
    - ani covered most stuff i wanted to cover
    - want to focus most on improving accessibility
    - i found it kinda confusing to navigate around
    - we can maybe make the handover more comprehensive
    - callink - barrier for new people
    - add a bit more organization to the meetings
        - look at dashboard
        - look at ocf's financial state
- anirudhsuresh
    - been in the ficomm in the fall and spring, now running for head
    - securing funding
        - explore new ways maybe corp sponsorship
    - using them
        - see the most room for improvement
        - we are not spending as much
        - upgrades, projects, etc.
    - improving accessibility
    - questions?
        - are you using a shared drive? -njha
            - was using files
            - njha: just share the drive
            - trinityc: files kinda scattered

[Finance Voting if not uncontested](https://forms.gle/CgRCW8xsdFw6FVCZ6)

#### DeCal
- btorres
    - decal need help with people
    - have a lot of free time
    - like to spend time at the ocf
    - by helping w/ decal i can learn more about linux and stuff to better help people
    - would be good to help out the decal comm
    - i don't have any time commitment issues other than can't come to lab on Thu
    - questions:
        - have you taken the decal?
            - no
        - need someone to help out w/ logistics -bencuan
        - will share runbook and repo, can set up a time to talk about running the decal -bencuan
- trinityc
    - i helped out in the decal for the first two weeks
    - kinda dropped off but would like to stick with the committee through the whole semester
    - saw many people stressed about the decal
    - we got to make the logistics smoother
    - post everything ahead of time not before 9pm
    - upkeep decal infra to ocf quality
- amangalapalli
    - was interested in the ocf decal content
    - want to teach people
    - interested to work on the decal

[Decal Voting if not uncontested](https://forms.gle/r35nZdd2mkN8M6Lx6)

### Berkeley Subdomain Moratorium
- no updates lul

### Notable RT Tickets 
- [rt#12878](http://ocf.io/rt/12878): decal deadlines
- [rt#12877](http://ocf.io/rt/12877): "inaccurate grade calculator"
- [rt#12844](http://ocf.io/rt/12844): online OH
- [rt#12828](http://ocf.io/rt/12828): non-local site hosting
- ~~[rt#12824](http://ocf.io/rt/12824): security@ vuln~~
- ~~[rt#12823](http://ocf.io/rt/12823): security@ vuln~~
- ~~[rt#12822](http://ocf.io/rt/12822): security@ vuln~~
- ~~[rt#12821](http://ocf.io/rt/12821): security@ vuln~~
- [rt#12793](http://ocf.io/rt/12793): compromise follow up
- [rt#12786](http://ocf.io/rt/12786): content removal
- [rt#12598](http://ocf.io/rt/12598): account delete
- [rt#12668](http://ocf.io/rt/12668): CS 10 dual hosting service


### Buy Sheet
- [ocf.io/buysheet](http://ocf.io/buysheet)
- Add more items to buy this semester: [ocf.io/buy](http://ocf.io/buy)

### BoD Queue
- [ocf.io/rt](http://ocf.io/rt)

## Committee Check-ins

### Internal Comm
**ADD THINGS HERE**

### External Comm
**ADD THINGS HERE**

### Finance Comm
**ADD THINGS HERE**

### Decal Comm
**ADD THINGS HERE**


## Wizard hats
- [hat 1](https://www.amazon.com/Royal-Children-Halloween-Costumes-Decorations/dp/B0936PZM67/ref=sr_1_36?crid=1LUOUC8SAIASF&keywords=wizard%2Bhat&qid=1682559735&sprefix=wizard%2Bhat%2Caps%2C162&sr=8-36&th=1)
- [hat 2](https://www.amazon.com/Haconba-Halloween-Decoration-Cosplay-Accessory/dp/B096XTPSG3/ref=sr_1_23?crid=1LUOUC8SAIASF&keywords=wizard+hat&qid=1682560066&sprefix=wizard+hat%2Caps%2C162&sr=8-23)
- [hat 3](https://www.amazon.com/Rhode-Island-Novelty-HA-WIZAR-Standard/dp/B002SIDKNG/ref=sr_1_4?crid=1LUOUC8SAIASF&keywords=wizard+hat&qid=1682560140&sprefix=wizard+hat%2Caps%2C162&sr=8-4)
- [hat 4, gnome hats](https://www.amazon.com/Christmas-Unisex-Adults-Halloween-Supplies/dp/B0986V7KNF/ref=sr_1_3?crid=5LCDYQSGMTXR&keywords=gnome+hat&qid=1682560187&sprefix=gnome+ha%2Caps%2C152&sr=8-3)
- [hat 5 penguin bucket hat, not tall enough](https://www.amazon.com/Unisex-Penguin-Grayscale-Fisherman-Outdoor/dp/B094QBZXGD/ref=sr_1_5?crid=1BPR0WBIIJGIF&keywords=penguin%2Bbucket%2Bhat&qid=1682560238&sprefix=penguin%2Bbuckethat%2Caps%2C153&sr=8-5&th=1)
- [hat 6 led wizard hat from sketch site](https://www.acornpick.com/products/glowing-halloween-wizard-hat?variant=41105044832408)
- [hat 7](https://www.windycitynovelties.com/velvet-wizard-hat.html?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=organic-shopping)


## GM speech
### ncograin
please do rt tickets
overall good semester, got a lot done, done a lot of meetings with various people, good to reach out to see who's out there, was good to at least have contact with the ASUC
I have high hopes that we can at some point resolve the subdomain issue, hopefully it will happen soon
Congratulations to all who got elected, wish you great success in the new semester
Thanks to all the people who done things this semester, thank you Kian for being the co-GM

### kian
thanks to all the people who helped out with things like ABSA, opstaff hiring, thanks for keeping the OCF running

Meeting Adjourned at 21:19

Notetaker: rjz
