Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
amangalampalli
anddone
anirudhsuresh
bplate
btorres
dapark
drestiny
ethanhu
etw
jaysa
kian
nboihem
ncograin
njha
rameesha
rjz
yehchanyoo

Guests in attendance:
lharriscal*
ronitnath

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 12

Meeting Started at 19:10

### Opstaff Updates
- Graphic for upcoming tech talk?
    - info to add?
    - jtchan (external comm) is already working on promotional materials
- Socials: Meet the staff + Did you know series --> highlighting services
- Advertisement wall
    - designated spot in the lab
- Hiring
    - want to start soon:tm:
    - signups for hiring work!
        - *put yourself here*
        - kian
        - rameesha
        - ethanhu?
    - OM + 3 OAs
    - will work on announcements for socials


### Status updates
- Photo Day!
- IREF!?!?!? (recurring funding for opstaff)
    - most committee members on board
    - will need to wait until April meeting for them to make the final decision
- Library space allocation
    - Library will be allocating space in a library (or maybe library storage space) to "non-library groups"
    - Full text: "Priority for reassignment of spaces formerly operated by the Library will be granted to non-Library stewards that commit to providing long-hour study and collaboration space for Berkeley students, regardless of department or major"
    - ~~annex more territory!!!!~~
    - OCF 2: electric bod/sister location??
        - XCF space?
    - Can also get space through ABSA if that's something we're looking for
        - extra storage space in Hearst Gym, cubicle space in MLK
- B&G storage access (email to officers@)
    - Long term storage plan
    - start talking to libraries?
- SWE++ event
    - Any issues last week?
- 2/27 MLK fire drill cancelled
    - Will be rescheduled: date/time TBD
- SUFMO residents' meeting 3/8 @ 9-10am, Zoom
    - Invite sent to officers@
    - Notably, "SUFMO access plans"

### Berkeley Subdomain Moratorium
- Emergency BoD vote on whether or not to co-sponsor the ASUC subdomain resolution: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1N39mDgiuzJudp2zPETXtFpQ3Q8HHcsDw/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=102454573639439158019&rtpof=true&sd=true
    - Votes: [rt#12464](https://ocf.io/rt/12464)
    - Result: yes/in favor of co-sponsoring the resolution
    - This may make negotiations more difficult, but may also increase visibility of the issue
- Meeting with Saruul just before BoD
    - Instagram reel/more publicity
    - Will be presenting the resolution to the senate tonight (8pm)
    - Drafting an email to send to all student groups to sign the resolution
    - (put notes here)

### Funding Status
- CACSSF
    - Submitted! (2/28)
- ABSA **(Due 3/8)**
    - Similar application to CACSSF
    - Need to fill in some misc numbers (enrollment, etc)
    - Update from ficomm?
    - Lauren sent email regarding common FAQs about application
- Big Give **(Starts 3/9)**
    - Should start thinking about this now that CACSSF is completed
    - Do we have a donation plan/guide? What about sponsor rewards?
        - tentative plan created
    - #ucbocf is our hashtag

### Notable RT Tickets
- [rt#12461](https://ocf.io/rt/12461): GCP permissions (?)
    - rjz: replied
- [rt#12439](https://ocf.io/rt/12439): HPC access
    - rjz: replied
- [rt#12212](https://ocf.io/rt/12212): TBP separate web & email accounts

### Buy Sheet
- [ocf.io/buysheet](http://ocf.io/buysheet)
- Add more items to buy this semester: [ocf.io/buy](http://ocf.io/buy)

### BoD Queue
- [ocf.io/rt](http://ocf.io/rt)

## Committee Check-ins

### Internal Comm
- control over corresponding discord channels for committee heads (or maybe its just us)
    - ...matrix/slack how...? -etw
- general meetings going to into last 30 min of BOD
    - moving committee checkins to general meeting?
    - njha: pineapple on pizza official OCF pizza
        - motion passed
    - do we move BoD or GM?
        - probably want to avoid moving GM time
        - some people can't come to GM because it's too late
    - most of BoD just checks out for GM - why not involve people from GM
    - social events in GM when nothing really scheduled
- formalized deputy position/making GM & SM positions
    - as "intern" / \*M in training
    - maybe workshops?
    - DSM - currently for delegating authority to already-qualified people
    - GMs currently mostly emailing people
        - consider documenting communications better -ronitnath
        - can add to BoD minutes
        - don't really want to restict to a small number of people(?) - the job is mostly communications, need to manage/coordinate
    - how are deputy positions decided?
        - more positions in election can be problematic -ronitnath
        - move elections to be earlier and have newly-elected shadow for a while? -kian
        - previously we had trouble filling committee head positions - might be hard to fill new positions
    - might help for retention
        - people running are probably already "retained" -jyxzhang
    - title doesn't matter, just do stuff and have fun -njha
    - what do deputies do that untitled staffers don't? why have the title -njha
        - title probably won't encourage people to do more than they're already doing
    - have more organized documents for getting into the \*M positions

### External Comm
- Will have everything done for Big Give by Friday
- Big Give Poster(v1): https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1Kz7g1_D3mCsaao4_Wm0jPJFfmeaJhKJp?ths=true
- planned prize list for now: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10nstxZ0oKHkzQN5b1s5rnkVnBsEYbm6rn75wLr8g6A4/edit#gid=0
- thoughts on external comm taking over explaining subdomain problems to RSOs (if they don't know)?
- Will be rescheduling BoD on 3/15 to 6:30pm (before tech talk, 7-9pm same day)


### Finance Comm
- Finished CACCSF application
- Need to work on ABSA which is due soon
- Got email confirmation from James
    - Voted to delay IREF funding decision till April
    - Bureaucracy sucks ðŸ’€

### Decal Comm
**ADD STUFF HERE**
- Post the recording please

Meeting Adjourned at 19:59

Notetaker: etw
