Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
abizer    
awelty
gleeb
bzh
vaibhavj
keur

look at the referendum -- all relevant into in GDrive: /Officers/referendum

funding options:
1) ASUC Budget -- ~30k
    - operational expenses
    - paper
    - toner
    - day to day expenses
2) STF Fast Track Grants
    * limited to 5k
    - Written and approved every semester
    - We used this for HPC
    - track record is 100% 
    - they forgot our 10GbE grant
    - we have 10 gig switches -- night is the man
3) STF Long Term Grants
    - How we fund opstaff
    - Over 2 years
    - Several multimillion dollars departments -- we should look into getting more funding
    - We should not shy away from asking for more money 
4) CACSSF - chancellors advisory committee of blah blah blah
    - i have no idea wat this is, but apparently we can get more money  
    - potentially a grant for Project ATLAS
    - lots of boring criterion to satisfy

We are interested in buying new 10Gb nics for the servers to take advantage of our new switches

STF told us directly to apply for a long term grant for more money after getting funding for HPC.
Basically, they told us that we should be asking for more money.

mlab is rolling in dough, buying 4 condo nodes, which will be colocated in BRC's datacenter. they
can use spare capacity in the data center. we will be providing support to mlab and BRC, so we
are in on this sweet deal. good opportunity to improve relationship with BRC and other campus
computing groups.

looking into getting corruption 2.0 (decadence) from an mlab sponsorship, which any HPC user can run jobs on.

* Gilded Age OCF: dara, ckuehl, nickimp, jvperrin, baisang, kpengboy
    - how do we maintain this growth?

Calapalooza
    - asai filled off the form
    - successful thing for us

Make the OCF more inclusive
    - more outreach

abizer defines memery as interviews, politics, clubs w/o anime, and HAAS
    - blockchain at berkeley is definitely NOT a meme club
    - a wise man once said their meeting attendance scales with the price of bitcoin

bzh is getting antsy and wants to play fortnite

gifts:
    jenny, kellsie, and ... my name jeff

awelty's father unfortunately passed away in 9/11. moment of silence

for $240/yr we can move our mirrors to campus datacenter for 10GbE.
take disks from dev-fallingrocks
skids everywhere can scan their kali linux with avast and find viruses
implications: fallingrocks could move out of our subnet, so we might need some packaging soln
              mirrors takes up 500-600 MB/s, not quite saturating our 1Gb link

tl;dr shitload of work to do, both administrative and technical. pull your breeches up bitches
awelty wants a game plan and wants us to join his boring #referendum channel -- he may rant drunk
    - please join his channel!
    - over a year we have 25% lab utilization -- not good! 

notetaker: keur
