Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
abizer
awelty
bzh
dkessler
keur

Guests in attendance:
bchieng*
fydai*
jkuki*
sjys*
trliu*
wporr*
ethanhs
jvperrin
peterwu

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 4

Meeting Started at 19:12

* <RT NUMBER>: <TOPIC>

* rt 7553: Meeting with Jenny
  - Discussed keycard access consolidation with Megan Fox
  - Talked about Referendum, not much came of that

* rt 7545: Creative Lab Wording
  - Creative lab is putting up a large sign on their window. They want to put us on it.
  - We need to provide a 10 word blurb to put on the sign.
  - The wording will be "Open Computing Facility: computer lab, webhosting, printing, and more"

*rt 7544: Unable to create an account (Alumni Account)
  - We have denied an alumni account recently, abizer thinks this policy does not make sense.
  - abizer's reccomendation for the policy change is commit 6f0a3d3 in ocfweb.
  - dkessler does not think this should be advertised.
  - ethanhs points out some issues with the wording in abizers policy.
  - BoD voted to allow alumni to have accounts, but not to approve abizer's policy change.
   - keur volunteered to write this policy

*rt 7531: Poster for the column
  - BoD elects to have a poster similar to the original in the ticket, with modifications.

*rt 7475: authorize purchase of 10gbe supplies
  - We need to buy 8 NICs and install them
  - It will cost about $1800, and this will complete 10gbe @ OCF.
  - abizer will reach out to STF since the OCF has already submitted an STF fast track grant
  - BoD approves this purchase.

*rt 7504: Buy new hardware
  - A bunch of our computers have had disks fail
  - abizer reccomends upgrading this ticket to an grant for a hardware refresh of the lab.
   - slimmer cases, new GPUs, new CPUs, etc. will cost around 25k
  - ethanhs thinks it may be better to write grants for other things such as 10gbe for all of OCF
   - mirrors use the most bandwidth, and we don't saturate 1gbe. 10gbe would not really be noticable

*rt 7474: Hunger & Homelessness Awareness Week - FAFSA Event Assistance
  - A group would like the OCF to host a FAFSA workshop on Tuesday 11/13 from 5-7pm or 6-8pm
   - Alternative date is Thursday 11/15 5-7pm or 6-8pm
  - We would need to close the lab earlier. These are decal days. 
  - BoD approves allowing this to occur at any of the stated times

* buysheet:
  - Paper Towels: Approved
  - Clorox Wipes: Approved
  - Tissue Boxes: Approved
  - Coffee Stirs: Approved
  - CEC HDMI adapter: deferred
  - Cups: approved
  - Decal VM reimbursement: Approved

Meeting Adjourned at 19:56

Notetaker: awelty
