Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
cooperc
fydai
ethanhs
racheltrujillo
jkuki
keur
abizer
bzh
shmaeng
minos
bchieng
quincyhuynh
dkessler
yichizh
jerryzhou
vaibhavj
jaw
nint
tanx
mdcha
awelty
trliu
wporr
christam

Guest in attendance:
andylo

Quorum for this meeting is 11

Meeting Started at 19:15

* 7577: seek out new faculty sponsor

abizer and awelty met with Scott Shenker, he seemed interested
Should we possibly pursue having him as a sponsor?
Abizer sent an email about other things, including some OCF-related.

* 7714

STF long term grant is due in 4 days.
Will submit 1 day before due, so please make any edits within the
next 3 days.
Also HPC long term grant needs finished
- $4500 grant, essentially for more corruptions

* 7757: GSE

We are pretty screwed for getting this done. We need to make a
contract with all involved parties, we probably need to amend
CASA. Basically we need to have a bunch of meetings. BoD wants to continue pursuing.

* 7861: Printing happy hour

keur wants to make our users sad, but unfortunately no one else does.

* 7809: OCF Referendum

Referendum is due tonight.

Feedback: We need an independent oversight committee.

awelty proposes: add a committee to OCF that has ex-officio positions
in BoD. We already have the constitutional framework for this. We need
to include the members of this committee in our executive committee
(BoD), but we don't want to give them  This serves as a one-week
announcement that we intend to vote on this amendment.

* 7859: banning policy

CLO said the banning policy looks good.
- We should allow the user to appeal the ban more flexibly (what if
  the next BoD minute is in 3 minutes, or in 5 years).
- We should report up if the user is in violation of the UCB CoC.

awelty proposed updated language:
"If the user is banned, they shall be promptly notified of the ban and
given a chance to appeal the ban at one of the next three future Board
of Directors meetings\" in addition to adding \"If the violation of
OCF policies is additionally a violation of the UC Berkeley Student
Code of Conduct, the GM will submit a report to the Center of Student
Conduct"

keur asks if we want to make changes so that appeals occur online, and
not in person. awelty opposes but is open to later changes.

The changes are voted on and pass.

* 7807: Elections

GM speeches:

- vacuum is a no-show. the broom fills in its place. mdcha makes a
  short speech on behalf of the vacuum: "The vaccum cleaner may suck,
  but it does not suck as much as awelty. Vote vacuum cleaner."

- awelty (paraphrased): I've been speaking with friends in and out of
  the OCF, and previous GMs. I think a solo GM would be best. The GM's
  role is subservient to BoD, and that's what's important. Nothing
  against abizer, but a solo GM is more accountable and able.

- abizer (paraphrased): I've also though and spoke to various
  people. With the growth of the OCF, there's a lot of things to be
  done, and it's too much for one person. This is confirmed by
  previous GMs. We need to split up roles more. I don't believe in
  hierarchies. The ideal system is one in which all active members are
  all perfectly capable of making decisions on behalf of the
  organization as a whole. Thus we should split power instead of
  consolidating. We have fewer points of failure and more distribution
  in terms of rights and responsibilities. I've been around the OCF
  for a long time. dkessler is the only one with a lower UID than
  me. I've spent a lot of time and made a lot of friends here, and I
  want to continue serving.

SM speeches:

- vacuum is a no-show. mdcha makes another short speech on behalf of
  the vacuum: "The vaccum cleaner may suck, but it does not suck as
  any 2-combination of dkessler, cooperc, bzh, vaibhavj, and
  ethanhs. Also, I've been asked to say Nazi punks fuck off. The
  vacuum is apparently also a left-leaning anarchist. This anarchist
  is red with the blood of the proletariat." (Note that the broom is indeed red.)

- dkessler (paraphrased): I won't speak on behalf of anyone else, but
  they're all great.

- bzh (paraphrased): I don't know everything about the OCF, but I'm excited to learn
  more. Next semester, we should focus on docs, which are currently
  bad.

- ethanhs (paraphrased): I'm also not an expert at the OCF, but I can learn
  quickly. I'm committed, I'm here even though I'm not taking classes
  this semester. Docs would definitely be good to work on. We should
  continue to work on project system and new member onboarding.

- cooperc (paraphrased): I'm new to the OCF. I've had an exciting semester here
  though. I want to do more. Honestly don't vote for me but I'd be
  glad to take on the role if you want. Make me DSM.

- vaibhavj (paraphrased): I'm not sure why I was nominated. I do know about
  things. I don't want to be SM as long as I still have access to the
  facilities of the OCF. I don't know what I want to do next semester,
  so don't say I promised anything.

Election results:

2 votes were invalid.

GM:
- abizer and awelty: 18
- awelty: 4
- vacuum: 1

SM:
- dkessler and bzh: 9
- ethanhs and dkessler: 5
- dkessler and cooperc: 3
- vacuum and dkessler: 0
- bzh and ethanhs: 2
- vaibhavj: 3
- vacuum: 1

GM is won by abizer and awelty. No SM ticket has a simple
majority. There is a runoff for SM between (dkessler and bzh) and
(ethanhs and dkessler).

Runoff results:
- dkessler and bzh: 19
- ethanhs and dkessler: 6

SM is won by dkessler and bzh.


awelty present trliu with a gift of chocolates as thanks for his help and being co-GM for the end of the semester.

dkessler appoints ethanhs and cooperc as DSM. bzh confirms.

abizer and awelty appoint asai as DGM.

Meeting Adjourned at 20:20

Notetaker: cooperc
