In Attendance:
*sanjayk
*sherryg
*hanwei
*ydnawel
*kfang
Later...
tao
simplyhd
*= on BoD

7:14pm Meeting begins
Sherry: If you want to join the OCF Berkeley Project, do so if you haven't already! Fill out the form on the website to join. The team name is "Open Computing Facility."

OCF Clean-Up day:
The OCF needs to be cleaned up, and this might be a good time to have all of us in the lab at the same time.
Saturday 30th of October, let us know if there any major conflicts.

OCF Final Event:
We usually have some kind of banquet/fancy dinner, around late Nov, early Dec, suggestions?

SM Agenda:
Sanjay:
Printing problems: we're sort of printing out more pages than ever before, without upgrading any infrastructure.
Weeks leading up to now, every day there's been a printing issue, like Pubs staff calling me.
Literally printing 1000+ pages per day,
95,000 since the beginning of the semester.
Printing system:
Supernova (printhost.ocf.berkeley.edu) is our printing server (default wrapper for round-robin between logjam and deforestation)
in supernova printing is sent to PyKota and then to CUPS
PyKota can do whatever it wants with what CUPS says
PyKota is not well-written software, it's very responsive and accepts patches
but an accumulation of 6 or 7 different errors
we need a different printing system
This is an unstable system, could send a disprportionate amount of jobs to one printer if one keeps having errors because PyKota keeps resending
This is a difficult thing to change in the middle of the semester

Failures: day before yesterday:
One of our VM hosts crashed (coup-de-tat)
Hardware failure: "Unknown disk failure"
We don't have 160GB HD's sitting around, so we can't quite fix it.
MySQL is used by WordPress, but it was replicated
cataclysm helps manage our filesystems, not critical
tornado is a backup web server, but death is fine

We've been applying kernel patches to secure our servers, taking a more hard stance on security.

Han: Remote approve
Sanjay: We've set up approve to run from any machine, probably use tsunami since you have to do checkacct.

GM Agenda:
simplyhd: One of our printers is broken, we should buy a new one.
Fixing would require a Xerox technician, $500, more could break, may as well buy a new printer.

simplyhd: Motion to allocate $2000 to buy a new printer:
Seconded by Sanjay
Sherry: All in favor?
Unanimously in favor.
Motion passed.

simplyhd: Motion to adjourn
Seconded by Sanjay
Sanjay: All in favor?
Votes: 4 in favor, 1 against

7:38pm: Meeting adjourned
