OCF BoD Minutes 9.16.2010

Meeting commences:
In attendence:
sanjayk*
sherryg*
waf*
simplyhd*
hanwei*

later: ahir*

simplyhd: So, pretty much no one's here for projects but we're doing them. Sherry will send emails.

Sanjay: All new staff said they can write to staff_hours. I need to change projects, as things come up there's more relevant things they can do.

simplyhd: Social events: We will do them!
Events?
When?
Felix: Fridays, weekends
simplyhd: used to go to Sanjay's place, 
Sanjay: If we do weekends, we could join with CSUA
simplyhd: Food? Ideas?
Thai? Walnut prawns? Great China? It's the OCF's restuarant

Sherry and I (simplyhd) will email out new policies like sanjay's biweeklies
kind of what sherry and I expect from staff for users

Sanjay: Me and mike just kept quiet when people did things objectionable

simplyhd: Yes, we'll do that, applies to all staff. Keys need an extraordinary reason. Technical reasons go to Sanjay or Felix, then go to simplyhd and Sherry.

Han: What's extraordinary?

simplyhd: Convince us. Can't just give anyone keys. If you have an extraordinary reason, just come to us and we'll talk about it.

Sanjay: Apocalypse needs to be phased out.
1. Switch to conquest and tsunami (the main difference: tsunami can write to /opt/ocf which sends email to wheel, conquest can't)
it'll take a while to completely reimplement stuff
give users a week warning to move stuff
move ocf.berkeley.edu to round-robin
firm deadline
On the public wiki take off solaris login servers, say we're using 2 debian x86 servers (conquest and tsunami)
Apoc. phaseout plan
2. Print quotas: CUPS has native logging features
we should enable both that and PyKota and reconcile differences every night, whichever's more favorable to the user is used.
PKpage counter, get two numbers and give better for user
the way to really fix the problem is to fix PyKota which we have done
3. Firewalls: SSH works but web access broke
for future reference: Never use stateful firewalls
Karl: need firewall algorithm
Sanjay: what it's doing right now is looking at patterns of packets it worked for one day and it stopped working IF filter terminal
Karl: what exactly is the problem?
Sanjay: it was dropping certain packets dunno why
Karl: that were legitamate packets?
Sanjay: I tried whitelisting
Karl: didn't work?
Sanjay: didn't
Solaris uses a very similar firewall to OpenBSD so I might just pull one from backup
we basically only have to protect against two things: TCP flood and ICMP flood
4.
Karl: I thought about getting some UX improvements like redoing website to use something like Wordpress which will keep updated and maybe like what kind of server is down
Sanjay: death (VM on famine) allocated 4 out of 8 cores 4G memory (only cause we couldn't get 64bit to work with 16G)
Karl: I think we could install mod_mono for apache and people could use ASP.NET and people could code ASP or ASP.NETthat runs and you set up to run on windows server you 
can run it on Apache with mod_mono.
Sanjay: Good idea, I'm assuming a nontrivial number of people use ASP
Karl: it's one of the standard ones, probably less than PHP,
Sanjay: can't have su exec
Karl: can't run as apache process?
Sanjay: no, must run as user compartmentalize, on a multi-user that's an exploit
Karl: There's probably some way to hack it to use CGI and run it as user
Sanjay: I'm sure there is worst case we could change mod_mono
Karl: well 
<7:40>
Sanjay: there should be some sort of set_uid
Karl: the implementation of .NET standard
Sanjay: we can modify mod_mono
Karl: do we support Java on death?
Sanjay: funny story: FreeBSD 8 doesn't support Sun Java binary so had to install OpenJDK but I gave up too timeconsuming
Karl: but we supported JSP before
Sanjay: we had but it wasn't on prev. death but not in i86 /opt/ocf
Karl: but didn't we support JSP at some point? probably means we managed to get it to work
Sanjay: I would hope Java can be installed on Solaris!
<7:43>
4. 
Sanjay: 2 ver of Windows Server need ttech sup 
Microsoft
need 2nd domain controller
1: we need another one we have better hardware
2: we can run another one taking up extra famine resources

2 security softwares were' considering: BroIdeas discussed with karl 
Karl: I think you went so fast no one had enough time to understand what you were talking about
Sanjay: yeah so BroIDS highlights bad packets it runs on the firewall, great because if there's SSH traffic  we can tell
our rack servers:
the furthermost rack 2 impt servers: biohazard monsoon tempest speed not impt
we can clone and log packets there shouldn't any
we should ask ppl why they SSH from server to server
and RDP (biohazard windows)
Nessus is what IST uses port scanner checks for loose RPC conns checks for loos NFS shares basically need to scan epidemic for that
TripWire set up on tsunami anything that can write to impt shares like /opt/ocf should be checked
should be TripWired (exactly what it sounds like)

final 2 topics:
backups:
we have a backup server pollution but need to set up new machines I will do that eventually
purge tier1 passwords
the next major update we will push back a little we have
patch day used to quite an adventure but no solaris now
the only two machines that will be touch is monsoon and tempest, maybe jaws a little (built from source, like OpenLDAP) make sure nothing we install breaks library 
dependencies
IRC: Sanjay is "banned", so yeah

Sherry: Lower Sproul

Sanjay: Summer 2008 we official relocated to eshleman from heller lounge 
we left servers because they couldn't 
cleaned out: toxic sludge, asbestos, power requirements
finally summer
to compound everything we were doing LDAP Krb migration
we were basically down for Fall 2008, Spring 2008, 
staff: sle+mike+calvin
they were the only ppl confident to move only moved famine and pox and the disk array
so did a partial move it wasn't designed for servers
electrically, cooling
then we got hacked
Karl: didn't we get hacked before moving?
Sanjay: we found out about it after the move
someone got into KDCs thanks to gfs
long story short: move not well planned, location didn't work
the only ppl left in summer were Sanjay and Gwc (and robert)
line by line, the electrician said we can't install this stuff it takes up too much power
went 50-75% over budget cost 20K
electrician felt sorry worked 1-1.5 weeks without pay
David Fullmer was laid off
he was the IT guy for Eshleman though he'd be there forever didn't document anything
Karl: seemed to have the attitude like I'm just going to not document anything because then they can't fire me
Sanjay: yeah we had to wander around Eshleman to find our network uplink they unplugged something we were unlinked for 3 months
we need: Cooling, Power, Network
need Fiber optic
50Amp breakers
we could take down the building power
no concrete walls, need hollow to run Cat5
make sure Cooling, Power, Network requirements are met
there might be parts of the building this isn't feasible
there's need to be a location wherever the OCF goes that can handle servers High power loads High network loads
it needs to be close enough to that stuff
I had to wander up to the 4th floor to find the 2nd junction
any one of that stuff could take down the OCF
[Ahir joins]
for the OCF to exist there needs to be building provisions
they can't design a building and let us pick a room
it cost them a lot of money to do it
This is the first time we've been creating 100 accts a week
Motion to add Karl to BoD: Unanimous

Meeting Adjourned
