Meeting called to session at 7:20pm.

Members present:
Aaron Loessberg-Zahl (amloessb)
Dara Adib (daradib)
Kenny Do (kedo)
Kevin Fang (kfang)
Raphael Townshend (raphtown)
Sanjay Krishnan (sanjayk)
Felix Wong (waf)

General consensus reached that front desk publications center staff
should replace paper even when an OCF staff member is around. They
should log pages taken out of the paper cabinet on a sheet in the
cabinet. No consensus reached about front desk publications center
staff replacing toner.

Minutes from the GM:

On Nov 4, Debian machines (avalanche-fallingrocks) were set up to
enforce double-sided for prints made to double and single-sided for
prints made to single using a custom PostScript PPD.

On Nov 5, set up a "bug" tracker using MantisBT. All people with an OCF
email address can sign up for an account and report bugs, which can be
filed in the public tracker or our internal private tracker.
<http://tracker.ocf.berkeley.edu>

On Nov 8, sysadmin decal paperwork was filed. Jordan (ex-OCF staff),
Dara, and Felix are facilitators.

On Nov 10 (today), pileup kiosk broke. Will be investigated. [Was
investigated and fixed with improvements later Thursday night]

No updates about Surge, campus contact is deferring updates to next
week. ASUC leadership should have toured locations this afternoon. Will
meet with other Surge stakeholders on Dec 5.

OCF will be closed for Veterans' day weekend (Nov 11-13).

As mentioned at last meeting, we have obtained a mapping of SIDs to
CalNet UIDs of individual accounts approved after Fall 1995. With a
public anonymous LDAP bind we can get information on and reset passwords
online for people who can use CalNet (current students, faculty, staff,
and affiliates with a grace period).

Sanjay will generate some visually-appealing statistics based on
the front desk clicker (how many people came in to lab) and headcount
(how many people in lab) data from Spring 2010 to present.

Kenny assigned to take charge of troubleshooting and fixing printer
deforestation. HP suggested "half self test" to forcefully power down
printer before a page that is being printed reaches the fuser assembly.

Aaron will report later on the efforts to "fix" Windows desktops.

OCF should have training sessions and group socials.

Meeting terminated at 8:21pm.
