Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
abizer
awelty
baisang
bchieng
carterturn
chenvincent
dkessler
gleeb
kpengboy
mcint
nikitnainwal
quincyhuynh
raymondng
shasan
shichenh
tanx
trliu
vaibhavj
wporr

Guests in attendance:
mdcha*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 15

Meeting Started at 19:13

* <RT NUMBER>: <TOPIC>


* ...: GSE "rental"/lab use
GSE has not given financial aid in the last few years. Our condition may not be tenable.
CLO (ASUC) has not yet approved the condition. GSE is amenable.


* 7188: Peak load
Motivating problem: 11-1 pm. Disgruntled users/members. Can we propose, for the hours of 11:00 - 13:00, making 
Proposal: Make the first row printing-exclusive.

- What's existing usage of the first row like?
- 
- Higher-throughput goal?


- Our mission is not to provide free-printing.
 - People already find an equilibrium.

Analysis of "print" row and whole lab, means/bulk and outliers:
- Session length
- Do people print?
- Do people print AND do something else?


Tools to allow opstaff to see session times.


* 7131: April Fools
Gave guest access. DNS updating. Looks on-task.


* : Snacks
Distinguished members of BoD, you must comment if you wish to see spending here.


* : Toner
* 7204: e-waste recycling drive

Thought we generate revenue on recycling.
Toner. We Can store a certain amount...but not really more than that.
One-time drive. One month. E-waste recycling thing.


* 7168: ABSA Purchases
see RT for more detail.
** Lab furniture
** Printer
** Buying a NFS host. (Approved).

Side-note. RMA'd drives with Samsung.
SSDs broken. One SSD failed, only in RAID array.

** Replacements for desktop parts.


* 7192 ?: Spare desktop
desktop backups


* Buy sheet:
** Hole puncher. OCF budget. (Approved).
** Fire extinguisher. (Approved).
** Canon EOS. Need to take pictures of our events! Tech talk recordings! $540 proposed. <$650. (Approved, by small margin).
** Cosco folding chairs. (Postponed after price bump).
** USB headphone-dongle, cable version. (Approved).
** Scotch tape. 1 only, 12-pack. (Approved).




Meeting Adjourned at 20:04

Notetaker: mcint
