Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
abizer
asai
awelty
baisang
bchieng
dkessler
jvperrin
keur
kpengboy
mcint
nikitnainwal
raymondng
shasan
shaurya
shichenh
tonysitu
trliu
wporr

Guests in attendance:
bzh*
gleeb*
quincyhuynh*
shikardhingra*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.


Quorum for this meeting is 14

Meeting Started at 20:11

* 6520: GSE summer usage of lab space
Now option proposal:
1. They have paid $3k for use of labs in the past. We're going to ask them
 to put the balance of $3k into their financial aid funds.
$2k security deposit - $600 taken for wear & tear.
- Pro:

- Con:
 - ASUC will see that we didn't charge for the lab.

The financial aid program doesn't cover housing or transportation costs for

2. Issue of non-refundablity of security deposit

** Rules of Engagement
[see doc]

** Timeline
[see doc]

*** How we got here
[who is Jenny? Our LEAD Center Advisor, primary point of contact with the university]
[who is CLO? ASUC Chief Legal Officer]
[who is Jenica? ASUC senator, with whom we've have ~fortnightly meetings]
[GSE? Graduate School of Education]
[SU? Student Union - an entity with Board members from ASUC and from University, which oversees and manages MLK & Eschelman]

"$600 non-refundable deposit" not what we wanted.


*** What is GSE / ATDP program
ATDP is a subsidiary of GSE.

** Information
A "non-refundable" security deposit is explicitly illegal under California law.
Jenny clarified a university precedent that 30% of a security deposit be taken as "wear & tear."

** Questions

** Opinions
- OCF mission to provide free computing services to students, faculy, and staff.
 - Our efforts to generate revenue so far have: 
  - Only potentially damaged the reputation of the OCF
  - While providing minimal material benefit to the OCF, completely out of proportion with the risk/damage-already-done
- Response:
 - OCF has done profit generation from elections
 - []
- Profit was made by private individuals who chose to donate it back to OCF.
- $10k /was/ sketchy. Let's take the simple route.
- People are trying to compute a correct amount of compensation. $600 is not right...but $3k is not right either.
- Not opposed to charging GSE rent, they charge as well. This discussion has fallen through, maybe next year.
- Of donation request: We should leave it as a request.
 - Compensation for our services should be limited to the additional work that we 
- In favor of dropping this now.
 - Replace keyboard and mice, seems off.
 - ASUC + rent next year. Going to be a terrible discussion. Even donation provision in MoU is unhelpful. Should drop the offer to use.
- We pay tuition. ATDP money goes elsewhere, maybe profit goes to a salary/bonus.
 - GSE 
 - Losing face...doesn't matter. Players are leaving
 - High school students are a big security risk. We've locked out Blue & Gold, at great effort. Paradoxical.
- Buying new cheap keyboards. Waste.
- <Response. Dara's horror stories with renting out lab to people.
 - GSE offered to buy keyboard/mice and entrust them to us through the rest of the year.
- $600 replaced by keyboard/mice? Yes, but there will still be a security deposit.


 
OCF does have legitimate long-term concerns about funding through ASUC. We have long-term drive to pass referendum.
We should not close the option of charging rent. We are uniquely well situationed to give value back to students.


** Voting (runoff)
- Options:
1. $3k 100% [1]
2. No renting entirely [1]
3. keur's proposal $2k-3k, acknowledge pursuit of rent next year, (GSE-provieded keyboard or $600) [19]
abstain [0]

- Security deposit amount
$2k [6]
$3k [10]
abstain [3]

Meeting Adjourned at 21:34

Notetaker: mcint
