		OCF Board of Directors Meeting
		   September 23, 1998

Board members present:
	Richard Dunn (dunnthat) (gm)
	Katrina Templeton (katster) (sm)
	Elaine Chao (chaos) (secretary)
	Saar Picker (saarp)

Other members present:
	Alan Coopersmith (alanc)

Important Items: The Board did not reach quorum.

The meeting was opened at 6:15 pm.

Agenda:
	I.   Welcome
	II.  Reports
		General Manager
		Site Manager
	III. Old Business
		DMB
	IV.  New Business
	V.   Elections/Appointments

II. Reports

	General Manager

	The GM reported that Rune Stromsness had stuff for Richard to pick up,
	including a key to Barrows, various GM documents, and multiple backup
	tapes that had been kept offsite.

	Site Manager

	The SM reported that she now has keys from Luns and that it has been
	a slow week.  Alan reported that the UPS may need a battery replacement
	and asked the General Manager to ask Rune how he got the battery
	replaced last time.

	Help Sessions

	Elaine suggests that the Help Sessions be better publicized on the OCF
	via the motd, but says that she has not seen any newsgroup postings,
	either.  She also mentions that the Help Sessions needs people to help
	post flyers.

III.  Old Business

	Disk Management Board

	Richard brought in a revised draft of the DMB guidelines and policies 
	and passed it around.  The draft, in its entirety:

	DMB Powers:
	  The Disk Management Board (DMB) shall have the authority to grant 
	  temporary quota increases to any OCF account.  The DMB may not grant 
	  an increase that would cause any account's quota to exceed twice the 
	  base quota for OCF accounts, nor may it grant an increase that lasts 
	  longer than the final day of the first full semester following the 
	  date of the request.  Any quota increase request which is given to 
	  the DMB, and which exceeds the time or space authorizations the DMB is 
	  allowed to make, shall be given to the Board of Directors for a final 
	  decision.  The Board of Directors shall have the power to override 
	  any DMB decision in any respect.

	DMB Operating Policies:
	  The DMB shall respond to all quota requests and follow-up messages
	  within 72 hours, including making a decision if all relevant 
	  information has been provided by the user.  The DMB shall send an
	  Email reminder to any account whose quota increase is expiring within
	  4 weeks of the expiration date, to allow that account a change for
	  a renewal.  The DMB shall record all quota decisions, including
	  a count of the votes, and a short summary of the justification for the
	  increase.
	
IV.  New Business

	New Programs

	Elaine suggested that the OCF engage in some outreach activities to 
	increase the OCF's visibility to the general campus population.  Among
	the ideas that came up in the ensuing discussion were dorm outreach
	programs, a solicitation of group accounts to see what other services
	they would like to see on the OCF.  One member suggested that the OCF
	revamp its web page to be more manageable.  Elaine volunteered to do
	the task.

	General Meetings

	As a part of the new programs, the Board brainstormed of how to increase
	flagging attendance to General Meetings.  Elaine suggested a social
	event of some sort.  Saar suggested that we use some of our 
	miscellaneous fund to provide food at our next general meeting.  There
	was a general consensus that this was an excellent idea.  The BoD also
	discussed possible dates for General Meetings and decided on the 
	tentative dates of October 21 and November 11 for the General Meetings.
	Saar volunteered to coordinate refreshments for the October 21 meeting.
	Saar also suggested that the meeting be held in 217 Eshleman for a 
	more relaxed atmosphere.

	Tape Drive

	Saar reports that CCS is getting rid of a 100 slot tape robot with 8mm
	tapes.  After describing what the technical options were with the tape
	drive, he asked the Board if he should investigate acquiring the robot
	for the OCF's use.  There was a general consensus to the affirmative.

	P.O.s and Tapes

	Richard noted at this time that there is yet an unresolved issue with
	the box of tapes that we bought last year.  Richard reported that Luns
	Tee (tee) had discovered a returned P.O. in our mailbox over the summer.
	However, the OCF had already received its tapes and has not heard back
	from APS.  The University accounts show that the P.O. is still open,
	however.  Richard will investigate further and will report to the BoD.

The meeting was closed at 6:55pm.
