
ples,

Sorry for the slight delay. I had to mash together the notes Mike and I
took during the meeting. So the minutes are only half as entertaining as
when Mike takes all of it =P

~Genevieve W.

-------------------------------------------

Logins:
- Gcwong
- Mgasidlo
- Jchu
- Martex
- Sanjayk
- Analw
- Gfs
- Gordeon
- Cardi
- Geo
- Mkendall
- Jameson

- BoD starts at 7:50 PM

- LDAP/KRB Transition Date
When someone gets around to writing a program so people who don't have
KRB principles can get one after we delete the passwords.
mgasidlo: OCF-announce from 6 months ago was never mailed to users
mgasidlo: resend out OCF-announce and give them 3 months instead
	
- mkendall and jameson walk in

- Test Typhoon
mgasidlo: typhoon is the test box for our new dev shit.
jameson: fork bomb proof?
cardi: do you want your box forked?
jchu: we can protect it form fork bombs...  wait didn't we fix mail already?
mgasidlo: no we didn't.
jchu: yes we did
mgasidlo: no we didn't.
	
- Tomorrow
mgasidlo: we're actually going to fix shit!
Starts at 9 PM - 9 AM
Who's going to show up: mgasidlo, jchu (maybe?), gfs (maybe?)
jchu: is there food?
geo: i have a review session.
CRICKET CRICKET
	
- Lab Update
mgasidlo: what's this shit about toxic mold?
gcwong: what? there's no toxic mold *wink wink*
mkendall: there's toxic mold.  oh, and by the way we need to wait for
the university to assign us a project manager before we can do anything
about the whole optical thing...  YEAHHHH

- Ruby on Rails
cardi: I tried compiling it, but there's something up with using
different types of libraries. Tried to fix it with library paths, but
didn't work, needs h4xing
cardi: last person who compiled it was jjlin. He hates me.  All he will
tell me is that he had the error too...  yeah wtf.
mkendall: we shouldn't upgrade ror just because the guy who wants it is
a jerk about it.
cardi: yeah wtf.
	
- Motion to adjourn (jameson)
analw: second!
vote: For - 7, against - 1, abstain - 2
	
- BoD ends 8:07 PM



