    Minutes of the Board of Directors Meeting of January 25, 1995

Attendance:

	 Erik Agee (agee@ocf)	       S*Alan Coopersmith (alanc@ocf)
	 Andrew Swan (aswan@ocf)	*Chris Williams (clw@ocf)
	*Dave Wong (dave@ocf)		*Erik Muller (erikm@ocf)
	*Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)	 Jonathan Alkema (jono@ocf)
	 Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)		*Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)
	 David C. Lee (lcddave@ocf)    G*Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)
	*Rachel Yotter (raytrace@ocf)	 Saar Picker (saarp@ocf)

 * Designates Board Members
G* Designates the General Manager
S* Designates the Site Manager

Meeting Called to Order at 7:20pm.

AGENDA:
  - General Manager's Report
  - Site Manager's Report
  - Sexy
  - Announcements
  - General Comments

General Manager's Report:

  We have an account with the copy place over next to Unit 3, Marco, 
Nevin and Alan are on the account.  From now on all account forms will 
be photocopied instead of printed out in the WEB.  We have a copying 
budget of $500.  Marco would like to use some of this for flyers to put 
up around Soda Hall soliciting for donations of used hardware.  
  The stuff from the School of Optometry has still not been picked
up.  When Marco gets a chance he will contact them to arrange a
pick up time for the rest of the equipment they are donating.  
  The printer is waiting to be engraved before it can be placed in
the WEB, Marco is waiting for Matt Thorn to return his engraver so
that he can engrave it.  Kenji and Tracy both volunteered ones that
they have access too.

Site Manager's Report:

  Alan said that staff members need to be down in the WEB more
often to approve new accounts.  As of right now we have over 10,300
accounts.
  Rachel has written some working reregistration software, Marco
and Alan want to go over it before installing it.  
  The Suns are being worked on by Marco and Kenji, they are having
a problem with the disks at the moment.

Sexy:

  Jennifer checked the OCF mailbox and the answering machine. 
There was a message from Lars Smith, regarding how often we check
our messages, in order to find out if he should give out our phone
number to users with questions.  It was determined that no one is
checking the answering machine enough.  Also, the phone has been
stolen from 310 Eshleman.  

Announcements:

  The General Meeting will be Wednesday, February 1, 1995 at
7:30pm, place TBA.

General Comments:

  Marco would like to purchase a strongbox to be placed securely in
the WEB where users may give donations to the OCF.

The meeting adjourned at 7:49pm.

Respectfully Submitted,
Jennifer Snider

Addendum:
  Anyone who has technical Sun 3/4 experience and is willing to
work on OCF equipment, contact marco@ocf.
