
                           OPEN COMPUTING FACILITY
                              BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                                       
                   Minutes of the February 7, 1995 Meeting

  AGENDA
     * Old Business
          + Marco's Pentium Proposal
          + Bylaw Changes (Weekly Meetings)
     * General Manager Report
     * Site Manager Report
     * Elections/Appointments
          + Disk Usage Management Board
          + Engineering Joint Council Representative
     * General Discussion
     * Election of New Board Members
       
     _________________________________________________________________
   
  ATTENDANCE
  
   Board Members Present:
          + Nevin Cheung <nevman>
          + Alan Coopersmith <alanc>
          + Kenji Hubbard <kenji>
          + Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky>
          + David C. Lee <lcddave>
          + Erik Muller <erikm>
          + Marco Nicosia <marco>
          + Peter Norby <norby>
          + Tracy Scott <trscott>
          + David Shih <shyguy> [Site Manager]
          + Jennifer Snider <jenni> [General Manager]
          + Chris Williams <clw>
            
   Others Present:
          + Erik Agee <agee>
          + Tara Bloyd <tabloyd>
            
   Members Absent:
          + ShaColby Jackson <shac>
          + Rune Stromsness <runes>
            
     _________________________________________________________________
   
   The meeting was opened at 7:15 pm in 120 Bechtel by Jennifer. She
   asked for volunteers to be Secretary for the semester. Alan was the
   only volunteer and was appointed to the position.
   
OLD BUSINESS
  
 Marco's Pentium Proposal
    
   Marco asked if everyone had read his recent post to ucb.org.ocf which
   contained a better explanation of his plan than he gave at last week's
   meeting. Since very few people had read it, it was decided to table
   the issue until next week. Marco encouraged everyone to read his post
   and to discuss the matter in the newsgroup before then.
   
 Bylaw Changes (Weekly Meetings)
    
   At last week's General Meeting it was pointed out that the Board often
   has weeks in which there is nothing to discuss, so it was proposed at
   that time that Board meetings be changed to every other week. After
   some discussion on the exact wording, the following change was
   proposed to section 2 of the OCF Bylaws:
   
   Change:
          The OCF Board of Directors shall meet weekly.
          
   To:
          The OCF Board of Directors shall meet at least once every two
          weeks while the OCF is in session.
   
   The change to the bylaws passed by a 11-0 vote.
   
GENERAL MANAGER REPORT
  
   Jennifer went to Bechtel last week to register the OCF as a member of
   the Engineer's Joint Council and to reserve rooms for the Board
   meetings. She reserved 120A Bechtel every Tuesday evening for the rest
   of the semester, except for March 14 and April 25 when she reserved
   Sibley Auditorium for possible General Meetings, and March 7 when both
   Bechtel and Soda rooms were already completely booked for a
   conference. She also reminded OCF people who had keys to the EJC
   office last semester that they were supposed to be turned in at the
   end of the semester, and the people in Bechtel are wondering where
   they are.
   
   Jennifer announced that people with outstanding receipts from last
   semester need to turn them in to her in the next week if they want to
   be reimbursed.
   
   The OCF's SISG Mid-Year Report has not yet been turned in since
   Jennifer had not yet recieved some of the necessary information from
   Marco. The budget proposal for next year is also not ready since the
   Board has not yet decided on Marco's proposal for buying Pentiums with
   it.
   
SITE MANAGER REPORT
  
   David Shih reported that he shut down the whole cluster last Saturday
   night for hard disk maintenance work, except for flood whose hard disk
   is still broken. He also announced a change to staff policy that
   allows any staff member to accept an application for a group account
   (previously only the site manager was authorized to do so).
   
ELECTIONS/APPOINTMENTS
  
 Disk Usage Management Board
    
   Elections were held for the Spring Disk Usage Management Board.
   Jennifer explained that this committee of three OCF members hears
   requests from OCF users for waivers of the OCF's Disk Quota policy.
   Nominations were then opened. Marco nominated Chris and Alan, both
   accepted. Nevin nominated Marco, who declined, and himself. No one
   else wanted to run, so the nominations were closed. Since there were
   only 3 candidates for the 3 slots Jennifer asked for objections to
   these 3 becoming the D.U.M.B. for Spring semester, and no one
   objected.
   
 Engineering Joint Council Representative
    
   Jennifer asked for volunteers to be the OCF's representative to the
   EJC. She mentioned that Nevin had already said he would continue in
   the post he has held the past two semesters. No one else expressed an
   interest in the job, so she re-appointed Nevin to the position.
   
GENERAL DISCUSSION
  
   Tracy asked for the status of the OCF's printer software. Alan
   mentioned he is trying to fix the OCF's currently buggy software, and
   it was mentioned that Rachel Yotter's currently-in-progress XCF
   project is printer software that the OCF may be able to use as well.
   
   Nevin announced he had no EJC report to give since an emergency caused
   him to miss the EJC meeting. David Shih said he went and there was
   nothing to report on. Nevin also mentioned that he has been talking to
   someone who may want to donate some 386 PC's to the OCF and he will
   let the Board know how that turns out.
   
ELECTION OF NEW BOARD MEMBERS
  
   Jennifer asked if anyone wanted to join the Board. Erik Agee and Tara
   Bloyd said they did, and were added to the Board with no objections.


   The meeting was closed at 7:37 pm with a reminder that the next
   meeting will be Tuesday, February 14, 1995 in 120A Bechtel at 7 pm.
