              Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors
                  Meeting of February 14, 1995


Attendance
----------

(A number of people arrived late due to a CS 164 midterm still in 
 progress at the beginning of the meeting.)

Board Members Present:
     Erik Agee <agee>                   Marco Nicosia <marco>
     Alan Coopersmith <alanc>           Peter Norby <norby>
     Kenji Hubbard <kenji>              Tracy Scott <trscott>
     ShaColby Jackson <shac>            David Shih <shyguy> [Site Mgr.]
     Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky>        Jennifer Snider <jenni> [Gen. Mgr.]
     David C. Lee <lcddave>             Chris Williams <clw>
          
Board Members Absent:
     Tara Bloyd <tabloyd>               Erik Muller <erikm>
     Nevin Cheung <nevman>

[Rune Stromsness <runes> mailed the General Manager last week to
resign from the Board due to schedule conflicts with the meetings.]

Others Present:
     Andrei Cogan <coganman>            Thomas Waung <twaung>
     Tony Monroe <tmonroe>              Ari Zilka <ari>
     Andrew Swan <aswan>


The meeting was called to order at 7:17 pm in 120a Bechtel by Jennifer
Snider.

Old Business
------------

New Computers:
  
  Jennifer announced the OCF's budget request is due February 24, so we
  should have some idea by then how much we are going to ask for to spend on
  new computers.  Discussion of which platform we are going to buy ensued,
  and it was decided we needed more information before we could decide.
  Volunteers were asked to gather data and report back next week on various
  platforms - Erik Agee will gather data on Pentiums, Andrew Swan & Andrei
  Cogan on Suns, Ari Zilka & Kenji Hubbard on IBM's, and Kenji on DEC's.
  Jennifer said that we don't need exact numbers, but as many specifics as
  possible will help our request when the ASUC reviews it.
  
Reports
-------
  
General Manager:
  
  Jennifer met with Matt Dundon, the ASUC SISG Program Director to discuss
  the OCF's budget for next year, and to discuss how the OCF's spending has
  gone so far this year.  Jennifer reported on the current state of this
  year's budget and expenses:
  
  Account                            Budgeted    Actual    Remaining
  ___________________________________________________________________
  Printed Forms/Stationery           $  100.00 $    0.00  $   100.00
  Telephones                            500.00    552.94      <52.94>
  Postage                                10.00      0.00       10.00
  Photocopying                          500.00      0.00      500.00
  Maintenance                         1,300.00      0.00    1,300.00
  Equipment Repair                    4,900.00  1,905.20    2,994.80
  Equipment Rental                      400.00      0.00      400.00
  Travel                                  0.00    321.11     <321.11>
                                     --------------------------------
     TOTAL EXPENSES                  $7,710.00 $2,779.25  $ 4,930.75
  
  ASUC Funding                       $7,210.00 $2,779.25  $ 4,430.75
  Donations                             500.00      0.00      500.00
                                     --------------------------------
      TOTAL INCOME                   $7,710.00 $2,779.25  $ 4,930.75
  
  This does not include expenses the ASUC has not yet paid for, such as the
  office answering machine, the disks Kenji bought, or the photocopies made
  on our account this month.
  
  This year's budget had allocated $400 for rental expenses to cover renting
  a truck to bring computers up from UCLA.  Since the ASUC decided these
  were Travel expenses, we are reallocating $321.11 from Equipment Rental to
  Travel to cover the actual cost, and $75 from the money remaining in
  Equipment Rental to cover the purchase of the answering machine bought for
  the office last semester.  Also this year, we had $500 allocated for two
  phone lines in the office, but the bills for installation and connection
  just through December have already exceeded that.  Since the office has
  been wired for ethernet (which will soon be connected to the campus
  network), we will no longer need a second line to have a modem in there, so
  Jennifer asked and recieved permission from the Board to have the data
  line disconnected.
  
  Jennifer also presented the current proposed budget request for next year
  that she worked out with Matt Dundon, based on Marco's proposal of $1 per
  user:
  
  Account                           	 Request
  _______________________________________________
  Printed Forms/Stationery		$   100
  Telephones				    250
  Postage				     20
  Photocopying				    250
  Maintenance				  1,500
  Equipment Repair			  2,130
  Computer/Copy Supplies (Toner)	    750
  New Equipment				  5,000
					-----------
	TOTAL EXPNSES			$10,000
  
  The budget proposal will be finalized at next week's meeting, after we
  figure out how much we want to spend on new computers.
  
  Since people had expressed interest in solicting companies for donations
  for the new computers, Jennifer also talked to Matt Dundon to find out
  what restrictions cover this.  We can get donations without ASUC approval
  as long as no strings are attached.  If we need to agree to anything to
  recieve a donation the ASUC has to approve the agreement before we can
  accept it.  Also when mailing companies to solicit donations, we can use
  stationery with the ASUC logo (in fact, it must have the ASUC logo if the
  ASUC pays for printing it), but we cannot use the University's seal without
  written permission from the Dean of Student Life.
  
  Jennifer announced that our purchase order for the copy account expired
  soon and asked who wanted to be listed as an authorized user on the next
  one.  Marco Nicosia, David Shih, Alan Coopersmith, ShaColby Jackson, and
  Kenji said they would be willing to make copies of account forms when
  needed, so they will be listed on the copy account.

  Jennifer also announced that since the original phone in the OCF office
  was stolen, replacement phones have been provided by ASUC Recycling, the
  MBLGA, and Shac.

Site Manager:

  In the past week, the site manager has had a couple of people ask to join
  staff and has recieved a donation offer of used Apollo hardware from a
  former OCF staffer.  David also turned in the spring semester list of
  staffers needing after-hours access to the WEB.

Engineer's Joint Council Rep:

  Since Nevin was absent, Jennifer reported that Nevin told her he no longer
  had enough time to be EJC Rep and was quitting.  Jennifer asked for
  volunteers to replace him, but there were none.  Erik Agee mentioned that
  he had been approached by an EJC officer concerning our desk in the EJC
  office and whether or not we will keep it now that we have our own office.
  Erik had told them to contact Nevin, but since Nevin is no longer the EJC
  rep, Jennifer said she would clear up the matter with EJC.


The meeting was closed at 8:15.  The next meeting will be next Tuesday, Feb.
21 at 7 pm in 120a Bechtel.

