
                           OPEN COMPUTING FACILITY
                                       
                              BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                                       
Minutes of the February 28, 1995 Meeting

  AGENDA
     * Election of New Board Members
     * General Manager Report
     * Site Manager Report
     * EJC Report
     * Other Business & General Discussion
       
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
  ATTENDANCE
  
   Board Members Present:
          
          + Erik Agee <agee>
          + Tara Bloyd <tabloyd>
          + Nevin Cheung <nevman>
          + Alan Coopersmith <alanc>
          + Kenji Hubbard <kenji>
          + ShaColby Jackson <shac>
          + Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky>
          + David C. Lee <lcddave>
          + Erik Muller <erikm>
          + Marco Nicosia <marco>
          + Peter Norby <norby>
          + Tracy Scott <trscott>
          + David Shih <shyguy> [Site Manager]
          + Jennifer Snider <jenni> [General Manager]
          + Chris Williams <clw>
            
   Others Present:
          
          + Amy Baron <amee>
          + ERic Mehlhaff <mehlhaff>
          + Andrei Moutchkine <muchandr>
          + Thomas Waung <twaung>
          + Billy Yeung <byeung>
          + Rachel Yotter <raytrace>
            
   Members Absent:
          None.
          
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
   The meeting was called to order at 7:18 pm in 120 Bechtel by Jennifer.
   
  ELECTION OF NEW BOARD MEMBERS
  
   Rachel and Tom asked to be added to the Board and were approved by the
   current membership.
   
  GENERAL MANAGER REPORT
  
   Jennifer met with Matt Dundon last week to turn in the OCF budget
   request for 1995-96 ASUC funding. The OCF's ASUC Mid-Year Report was
   also submitted last Friday. The budget request is being reviewed by
   the ASUC Office of Student Affairs this week and will go before the
   ASUC Senate's Financial Committee next week.
   
   Jennifer also arranged to get the OCF office's second phone line
   disconnected. Marco asked if it was okay to start publicizing the
   remaining phone number (643-0700) to the OCF's office. Jennifer said
   she saw no problem with that. The office currently contains a Sun
   3/50, two Sun monitors, two Eagle hard disks, a VT100 terminal, 3
   telephones, 2 1200 baud modems, and parts for the OCF's Stellar
   computer.
   
  SITE MANAGER REPORT
  
   David Shih reported that highlights of the last week included
   rebooting monsoon and plague to fix account registry problems and
   holding a small meeting of staff members with root priveledges. There
   has also been some discussion over how the OCF can utilize its Sun
   computers.
   
  EJC REPORT
  
   Saar was not present to give an EJC report (but the EJC did not hold a
   general meeting this week for him to report on anyway).
   
  OTHER BUSINESS & GENERAL DISCUSSION
  
   Kenji mentioned that the OCF hardware being stored in the Statistics
   department should be moved soon because it's been over a year since we
   told them it would only be there 2-3 months.
   
   Tara asked about the mail Andrew Swan had forwarded to the Board
   mailing list. A user from netcom was complaining that an OCF user was
   harassing them by posting "Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah. Ad Naseum!" as a
   followup to their ads in a newsgroup. Alan said that this same netcom
   user had earlier threatened to sue the OCF for libel over statements
   in the newsgroups, but had backed down when the OCF user agreed to
   cancel the offending posting. The board decided that the article being
   complained about didn't sound much like harassment, and that we
   wouldn't take any action against our user at this time.
   
   Amee reported that she got the Sparc IPC the OCF loaned her to boot
   under SunOS 4, but the current development version of BSD/OS for the
   Sparc won't boot on that PROM revision level yet (but it should be
   fixed to do so later this week, possibly even later that night). She
   also said she needs a currently registered student to help her talk to
   IS&T's software licensing people about arranging a campus site license
   with BSDI.
   
   Marco told the board that the campus holds a site license for Solaris
   2.4 for Sparcs, but not for x86's -- however, they will consider a
   license if they get enough requests for one.
   
   Kenji reported that the OCF now has a 32 meg SBUS memory card so that
   our Sparc 2 can be expanded to 96 megs of RAM.
   
   Marco told the board that he and Norby plan to have a Sparc2 running
   by Wednesday as a ftp/gopher/www/print server for the OCF.
   
   Jennifer mentioned that the OCF budget will be considered by FiComm
   sometime between March 6 and 10. While preparing the budget request,
   she had to list all the donations the OCF has recieved since last
   summer, which came out to just over $20,000 worth of used computer
   hardware.
   
   Tara asked if the OCF was still planning on doing user reregistration
   soon. Alan reported that of the four people who had started working on
   software, no one had a finished, working program yet, but Tom Waung &
   Ari Zilka had volunteered to take over the software and hope to have
   something done in the next couple of weeks.
   
   Jennifer announced there will be a General Meeting on March 14, 1995
   at 7 pm in Sibley Auditorium. She asked if there was any pressing
   business for the OCF to discuss next week since we don't have a room
   reserved for it, due to the ILP conference. The board members couldn't
   think of any, so there will be no board meeting next week.
   
   The meeting was closed at 8:10 pm. The next meeting will be Tuesday,
   March 14, 1995 in Sibley Auditorium (2nd Floor of Bechtel Hall) at 7
   pm.
