
                           OPEN COMPUTING FACILITY
                                       
Minutes of the March 14, 1995 General Meeting

  AGENDA
     * General Manager Report
     * Site Manager Report
     * EJC Report
     * Other Business & General Discussion
       
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
  ATTENDANCE
  
   Active Members Present:
          
          + Erik Agee <agee>
          + Alan Coopersmith <alanc>
          + Kenji Hubbard <kenji>
          + ShaColby Jackson <shac>
          + Karl-Eric Johnsen <joke>
          + Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky>
          + Cornel Lee <cornel>
          + Andrei Moutchkine <muchandr>
          + Erik Muller <erikm>
          + Saar Picker <saarp>
          + David Shih <shyguy> [Site Manager]
          + Jennifer Snider <jenni> [General Manager]
          + Thomas Waung <twaung>
            
   Others Present:
          None.
          
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
   The meeting was called to order at 7:25 pm in Sibley Auditorium by
   Jennifer.
   
  GENERAL MANAGER REPORT
  
   Jennifer reported that Nevin forwarded to the Board e-mail list
   information on a grant program from a Business School class for small
   non-profit organizations. It was unclear from the information though
   how much of the $10,000 total money the OCF could recieve.
   
   Jennifer also mentioned that the OCF's budget request for next year
   was turned in two weeks ago, but the ASUC Finance Committee hearings
   on the budget requests were delayed until April by the new elections
   schedule. Also, the second line in our Eshelman office is supposed to
   be disconnected soon, which should lower our current phone bills.
   
  SITE MANAGER REPORT
  
   David reported that new accounts were still being created on a regular
   basis. He also discussed a proposed plan to put all disk quota
   violators on one disk so that when they fill the disk and crash the
   server, they don't affect users who are behaving themselves.
   
  ENGINEERING JOINT COUNCIL REPORT
  
   Saar reported that the EJC has many social activities we can
   participate in if we choose to, as well as fundraising opportunities
   when Cal Day happens on April 28. They would also like us to clean out
   our Bechtel desk soon so that the Space Sciences Group can have it.
   
  OTHER BUSINESS & GENERAL DISCUSSION
  
   Jennifer asked Ari to report on the status of reregistration software.
   Ari said the server was still in progress and the client side was
   partially done. He and Tom expect to have something ready to run by
   next week, but they want to make sure they do it right.
   
   Jennifer reminded the members of the Disk Management Board that they
   should respond to requests within 72 hours and mentioned that since no
   one can find the rules under which the DMB operates, she'd like to
   rewrite them at next week's board meeting.
   
   David reported that the Sparc 2 Marco Nicosia and Peter Norby promised
   to set up two weeks ago was not up yet, but was ready to go as soon as
   the name ("famine.berkeley.edu") was registered by DCNS. It was asked
   what the machine was going to be used for. Alan said that he thought
   it was going to be a print, ftp, gopher, and www server, but that
   neither Marco nor Peter had contacted the people in charge of the ftp,
   gopher, or www servers to discuss moving them over to the new machine.
   
   
   The meeting was closed at 7:50 pm. The next Board of Directors meeting
   will be Tuesday, March 21, 1995 in 120a Bechtel at 7 pm.
