<html><head>
<title>Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting of April 4, 1995</title>
</head><body>
<h1><A HREF="http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/OCF/">Open Computing Facility</A></h1>
<h1>Board of Directors</h1>
<h2>Minutes of April 4, 1995 Meeting</h2>

<h3>Agenda</h3>

<ul>
<li><A HREF="#Old Business">Old Business</A>
<li><A HREF="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#Sparc Manager Report">Sparc Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#EJC Report">EJC Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#General Discussion">Other Business & General Discussion</A>
<li><A HREF="#Elections">Election of New Board Members</A>

</ul>

<hr>

<h3>Attendance</h3>
<dl>
<dt>Board Members Present:
<dd><i>(11 of the 16 members attended, so a quorom was achieved.)</i>
<ul>
	<li>Erik Agee &lt;agee&gt;
	<li>Alan Coopersmith &lt;alanc&gt;
	<li>Kenji Hubbard &lt;kenji&gt;
	<li>ShaColby Jackson &lt;shac&gt;
	<li>Michael Kaminsky &lt;kaminsky&gt;
	<li>Erik Muller &lt;erikm&gt;
	<li>Tracy Scott &lt;trscott&gt;
	<li>David Shih &lt;shyguy&gt; [Site Manager]
	<li>Jennifer Snider &lt;jenni&gt; [General Manager]
	<li>Thomas Waung &lt;twaung&gt;
	<li>Chris Williams &lt;clw&gt;
</ul>
<dt>Others Present:
<dd><ul>
	<li>Amee Baron &lt;amee&gt;
	<li>Saar Picker &lt;saarp&gt;
	<li>Andrew Swan &lt;aswan&gt;
</ul>
<dt>Members Absent:
<dd><i>Those on their first consecutive absence and who will be dropped from the Board
	if they miss the next meeting:</i>
<ul>
	<li>Tara Bloyd &lt;tabloyd&gt;
	<li>David C. Lee &lt;lcddave&gt;
</ul>
<dd><i>Those on their second consecutive absence and who are automatically 
	dropped from the board for missing this meeting:</i>
<ul>
	<li>Nevin Cheung &lt;nevman&gt;
	<li>Peter Norby &lt;norby&gt;
	<li>Rachel Yotter &lt;raytrace&gt;
</ul>
</dl>
<hr>

The meeting was called to order at 7:11 pm in 120a Bechtel by Jennifer.

<p>

<h3><A NAME="#Old Business">Old Business</A></h3>

Discussion of writing down Disk Management Board policies was tabled at the
last meeting.  Jennifer asked Chris to give a brief recap of the history he
gave at last week's meeting.  Chris said the criteria for disk quota waivers
have always been loosely defined, but waivers were supposed to somehow be
for the ``good of the OCF'' and the DMB was to set its own precedents for
later DMB incarnations to refer to, with the provision that the Board of
Directors could always override any DMB decision.  Andrew asked if Chris
would be willing to write up a proposal for a written policy for next week's
board meeting.  Chris agreed to so the issue was tabled for another week.

<p>

Also tabled last week was discussion of rewriting OCF Bylaw #5 regarding
electronic voting.  The bylaw was actually used recently and was found to be
unclear as to how many votes a measure needed to pass and how approval for
an electronic vote was to be obtained.  Jennifer mentioned that Partha sent
e-mail suggesting electronic votes only be called for in emergencies.  Saar
suggested requiring the Site Manager or General Manager to call for an
e-vote to make sure they are only called for pressing issues.  Andrew said
he thought they should not be called for on controversial issues when the
Board has not had a chance to hold a discussion on the matter.  Michael
pointed out that e-voting could be useful over summer and at other times
when people can't all get together to vote in person.  Chris said there
should be a delay to provide a chance for discussion before voting.  Alan
suggested allowing 72 hours to change a vote in case ongoing discussion
changed a voter's mind.  Erik Muller was volunteered to write up a proposal
for a revised bylaw based on the general consensus of the board's opinions
and to present it at next week's meeting.

<h3><A NAME="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A></h3>

Jennifer announced that even though preliminary awards for next years budget
are supposed to be released by Friday, the Fi-Comm hearings schedule is not
yet posted.

<p>

She reported that she and Alan picked up a Sun SparcServer 4/330 with a 330
M hard disk and 32 M memory and 2 extra 330 M hard disks last week that were
donated to the OCF by NEC, thanks to Ken Emery.  He also has a Sun
SparcServer 4/470 with two 900 M IPI drives for us once the replacement
machine for it arrives.

<p>

Jennifer told the Board that the OCF spent around $40 during Spring Break to
buy supplies for ``Spring Cleaning'' and tools and locks for the Sparcs.

<p>

Jennifer said she had contacted O'Reilley and Assoc. about their ``Book
Recycling'' program to donate books to non-profit organizations.  They
charge $100 for shipping and handling of the otherwise free books, so she
asked the board if they thought the OCF should spend money to do this and
set up a library in the OCF office.  Andrew thought it was not a good idea
since it would duplicate the services already provided by the CSUA & UCSEE
libraries.  Michael asked if many students knew about those libraries.  Kenji
said he thought more people could use an OCF library than the CSUA or UCSEE
ones.  Alan pointed out that the OCF Library would probably have a different
selection of books than the CSUA library, and would cater more towards
beginner books than technical Computer Science books.  The board voted 11-0
to spend $100 for shipping and handling of O'Reilley Books.

<p>

Jennifer said the Sparc Managers were also requesting money.  Kenji explained
they would need disks for storing mail. software, etc. and all they have are
old, slow, mail disks.  Amee pointed out that it would be better to use
multiple disks to help balance the load.  Andrew said their first goal was to
get a mail server running on the Sparcs since plague is completely overloaded
now.  Kenji added that they need to worry about security early, and they
plan to work on gopher/ftp/www after mail.  David Shih expressed the concern
that he didn't want us to buy too much too soon.  Kenji & Andrew agreed, but
said they need to get disk space before they can get started.  Tom Waung
pointed out that mail currently takes 460 megs of disk space on plague and
that it is always growing and overflowing plague's disk.  

<p>

Kenji said that 1 gig disks cost about $450-$550 and 2 gig disks cost
$800-$1000.  Andrew suggested buying one of each size.  Kenji said he
thought they should buy three disks, either three 1 gigs or two 1 gigs and a
2 gig.  After some discussion, the board agreed to allocate up to $2000 to buy
two 1 gig disks and one 2 gig disk.

<p>

Jennifer then mentioned the OCF needed to buy toner cartridges for the new
HP printer.  She had Kenji get price quotes, and the best price he had found
was $100/each by mail order.  The board voted 11-0 to spend up to $250 to buy
two new printer cartridges.

<p>

Jennifer reported that after her meeting with Katherine Hartsell from Sun,
she received an offer of 3 Sun Sparc IPX's with 16 megs RAM, 500 meg hard
disks, and color monitors for $8000.  Jennifer said this offer did not
appear to include the trade-in value of our Sun 3 servers.

<h3><A NAME="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A></h3>

David Shih reported that Plague has once again been having problems keeping
up with the load of delivering mail.  He also told the board that staff held
a ``Spring Cleaning'' over Spring Break and completely cleaned out tons of
dust from inside the computers.  A complete inventory of the Apollo hardware
was also taken at this time.

<h3><A Name="#Sparc Manager Report">Sparc Manager Report</A></h3>

Kenji & Andrew invited people interested in helping set up the OCF's Sparcs
to come to an organizing meeting Wednesday evening at 7 pm.

<p>

Amee reported that she has had problems reaching Rob Kolstad, and so has no
firm answer on getting a BSDI license donated.  However, if we loan some of
our Sparcs to Chris Torek to test BSD/OS-Sparc on, then she feels BSDI is
likely to donate a license in return.

<h3><A Name="#EJC Report">EJC Report</h3>

Saar reported that EJC officer nominations are currently taking place and
elections are coming soon.  Also open soon are nomations for student
positions on College of Engineering committees.

<h3><A Name="#General Discussion">Other Business & General Discussion</A></h3>

Tom said he can't find Ari so has no idea what's happening with
reregistration software.


<h3><A Name="#Elections">Election of New Board Members</a></h3>

Saar asked to join to the Board of Directors and was added by a unanimous
vote of the Board.

<p>

The meeting was closed at 8:49 pm.  The next meeting will be Tuesday,
April 11, 1995 in 120a Bechtel Hall at 7 pm.

<hr>

<address>
Respectfully submitted,
<p>
Alan Coopersmith, OCF Secretary
</address>


</body></html>
