
                           OPEN COMPUTING FACILITY
                                       
                              BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                                       
Minutes of April 11, 1995 Meeting

  AGENDA
     * Sparc Manager Report
     * General Manager Report
     * Other Business & General Discussion
     * Site Manager Report
       
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
  ATTENDANCE
  
   Board Members Present:
          (7 of the 14 members attended, so a quorum was not achieved.)
          
          + Alan Coopersmith <alanc>
          + Kenji Hubbard <kenji>
          + David C. Lee <lcddave>
          + Saar Picker <saarp>
          + David Shih <shyguy> [Site Manager]
          + Jennifer Snider <jenni> [General Manager]
          + Chris Williams <clw>
            
   Others Present:
          
          + Tom Cheng <tomcheng>
          + Andrew Swan <aswan>
            
   Members Absent:
          Those on their first consecutive absence and who will be
          automatically dropped from the board if they miss the next
          meeting:
          
          + Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky>
          + Erik Muller <erikm>
          + ShaColby Jackson <shac>
          + Tracy Scott <trscott>
          + Thomas Waung <twaung>
            
          Those on their second consecutive absence and who are
          automatically dropped from the board for missing this meeting:
          
          + Tara Bloyd <tabloyd>
            
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
   The meeting was called to order at 7:30 pm in 120a Bechtel by
   Jennifer.
   
  SPARC MANAGER REPORT
  
   Kenji & Andrew announced that they are having a meeting of people
   interested in helping set up the OCF sparcs Wednesday at 7pm in the
   C.S. Undergrad Lounge in Soda Hall and that anyone who wants to help
   needs to attend or send e-mail to them.
   
   They also reported that they bought two 1.0 gigabyte hard drives for
   the Sparcs as well as security cabling and locks. They installed one
   of the drives in an IPC and installed Solaris 2.4 on it. Andrew got
   DCNS to move one of our ethernet connections in the WEB to the empty
   slot by heatwave for it and they hope to have it up in a couple of
   days.
   
  GENERAL MANAGER REPORT
  
   Jennifer reported that she, Alan, and Erik Agee attended the Fi-Comm
   budget hearings at which they were asked how much money the OCF wanted
   next year and why we wanted it. Fi-Comm then voted to give the OCF a
   preliminary budget allocation of the $11,000 we asked for. The budget
   still has to pass the ASUC Senate before this amount is finalized
   though.
   
   Jennifer then discussed spending this year's money. The OCF recently
   bought paper and toner cartridges for the HP printer. She has e-mailed
   O'Reilley to accept their terms for their ``Book Recycling'' program
   to donate books, and renewed the OCF's photocopying account purchase
   order.
   
  OTHER BUSINESS & GENERAL DISCUSSION
  
   Jennifer mentioned that Chris had mailed his writeup of Disk
   Management Board rules to the Board, but since there was no quorum,
   all the Board could do was table the issue until next week. Discussion
   of revisions to the electronic voting bylaws was likewise tabled.
   
   Kenji asked for people to help him and Jennifer make calls to Sun
   resellers to get price quotes the OCF can use when calculating
   donation values. Dave Lee volunteered to help, and suggested Thursday
   as a day to make the calls. Kenji said ``I'm not sure when Thursday is
   yet.'' Andrew pointed out it was the day after tomorrow, and Kenji
   agreed that would be a good day.
   
   Jennifer announced that the ASUC warehouse manager called to ask us to
   get our Sun 3 racks out of his warehouse. She convinced him to let
   them stay until June, but we need to find a new home for them after
   that.
   
   Jennifer said that when she asked Tom Waung about the current state of
   reregistration software, he didn't know what Ari was doing, but he
   thought it might not happen until Fall Semester.
   
  SITE MANAGER REPORT
  
   David Shih reported that IS&T changed the WEB door code after some
   security problems in the WEB.
   
   The meeting was closed at 8:00 pm. The next meeting will be Tuesday,
   April 18, 1995 in 120a Bechtel Hall) at 7 pm.
     _________________________________________________________________
   
    Respectfully submitted,
    
    Alan Coopersmith, OCF Secretary
