<html><head>
<title>Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting of April 11, 1995</title>
</head><body>
<h1 align=center><A HREF="http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/OCF/">Open Computing Facility</A></h1>
<h1 align=center>Board of Directors</h1>
<h2 align=center>Minutes of April 11, 1995 Meeting</h2>

<h3>Agenda</h3>

<ul>
<li><A HREF="#Sparc Manager Report">Sparc Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#General Discussion">Other Business & General Discussion</A>
<li><A HREF="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A>
</ul>

<hr>

<h3>Attendance</h3>
<dl>
<dt>Board Members Present:
<dd><i>(7 of the 14 members attended, so a quorum was not achieved.)</i>
<ul>
	<li>Alan Coopersmith &lt;alanc&gt;
	<li>Kenji Hubbard &lt;kenji&gt;
	<li>David C. Lee &lt;lcddave&gt;
	<li>Saar Picker &lt;saarp&gt;
	<li>David Shih &lt;shyguy&gt; [Site Manager]
	<li>Jennifer Snider &lt;jenni&gt; [General Manager]
	<li>Chris Williams &lt;clw&gt;
</ul>
<dt>Others Present:
<dd><ul>
	<li>Tom Cheng &lt;tomcheng&gt;
	<li>Andrew Swan &lt;aswan&gt;
</ul>
<dt>Members Absent:
<dd><i>Those on their first consecutive absence and who will be automatically
        dropped from the board if they miss the next meeting:</i>
<ul>
	<li>Michael Kaminsky &lt;kaminsky&gt;
	<li>Erik Muller &lt;erikm&gt;
	<li>ShaColby Jackson &lt;shac&gt;
	<li>Tracy Scott &lt;trscott&gt;
	<li>Thomas Waung &lt;twaung&gt;
</ul>
<dd><i>Those on their second consecutive absence and who are automatically 
	dropped from the board for missing this meeting:</i>
<ul>
	<li>Tara Bloyd &lt;tabloyd&gt;
</ul>
</dl>
<hr>

The meeting was called to order at 7:30 pm in 120a Bechtel by Jennifer.

<p>

<h3><A NAME="#Sparc Manager Report">Sparc Manager Report</A></h3>

Kenji & Andrew announced that they are having a meeting of people interested
in helping set up the OCF sparcs Wednesday at 7pm in the C.S. Undergrad
Lounge in Soda Hall and that anyone who wants to help needs to attend or send
e-mail to them.

<p>

They also reported that they bought two 1.0 gigabyte hard drives for the
Sparcs as well as security cabling and locks.  They installed one of the
drives in an IPC and installed Solaris 2.4 on it.  Andrew got DCNS to move
one of our ethernet connections in the WEB to the empty slot by heatwave for
it and they hope to have it up in a couple of days.

<h3><A NAME="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A></h3>

Jennifer reported that she, Alan, and Erik Agee attended the Fi-Comm budget
hearings at which they were asked how much money the OCF wanted next year
and why we wanted it.  Fi-Comm then voted to give the OCF a preliminary
budget allocation of the $11,000 we asked for.  The budget still has to pass
the ASUC Senate before this amount is finalized though.

<p>

Jennifer then discussed spending this year's money.  The OCF recently bought
paper and toner cartridges for the HP printer.  She has e-mailed O'Reilley
to accept their terms for their ``Book Recycling'' program to donate books,
and renewed the OCF's photocopying account purchase order.  

<h3><A Name="#General Discussion">Other Business & General Discussion</A></h3>

Jennifer mentioned that Chris had mailed his writeup of Disk Management
Board rules to the Board, but since there was no quorum, all the Board could
do was table the issue until next week.  Discussion of revisions to the
electronic voting bylaws was likewise tabled.

<p>

Kenji asked for people to help him and Jennifer make calls to Sun resellers
to get price quotes the OCF can use when calculating donation values.  Dave
Lee volunteered to help, and suggested Thursday as a day to make the calls.
Kenji said ``I'm not sure when Thursday is yet.''  Andrew pointed out it was
the day after tomorrow, and Kenji agreed that would be a good day.

<P>

Jennifer announced that the ASUC warehouse manager called to ask us to get
our Sun 3 racks out of his warehouse.  She convinced him to let them stay
until June, but we need to find a new home for them after that.

<P>

Jennifer said that when she asked Tom Waung about the current state of
reregistration software, he didn't know what Ari was doing, but he thought
it might not happen until Fall Semester.

<h3><A NAME="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A></h3>

David Shih reported that IS&T changed the WEB door code after some security
problems in the WEB.

<p>

The meeting was closed at 8:00 pm.  The next meeting will be Tuesday,
April 18, 1995 in 120a Bechtel Hall) at 7 pm.

<hr>

<address>
Respectfully submitted,
<p>
Alan Coopersmith, OCF Secretary
</address>

</body></html>
