<html><head>
<title>Minutes of the OCF General Meeting of April 25, 1995</title>
</head><body>
<h1 align=center><A HREF="http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/OCF/">Open Computing Facility</A></h1>
<h2 align=center>Minutes of the April 25, 1995 General Meeting</h2>

<h3>Agenda</h3>

<ul>
<li><A HREF="#Announcements">Announcements</A>
<li><A HREF="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#Sparc Manager Report">Sparc Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#General Discussion">Other Business & General Discussion</A>
</ul>

<hr>

<h3>Attendance</h3>
<dl>
<dt>Active Members Present:
<dd><ul>
	<li>Elaine Chao &lt;chaos&gt;
	<li>Alan Coopersmith &lt;alanc&gt;
	<li>Tom Cheng &lt;tomcheng&gt;
	<li>Kenji Hubbard &lt;kenji&gt;
	<li>ShaColby Jackson &lt;shac&gt;
	<li>Michael Kaminsky &lt;kaminsky&gt;
	<li>David Lee &lt;lcddave&gt;
	<li>Steve Martinot &lt;marto&gt;
	<li>Tom Moore &lt;moray&gt;
	<li>Saar Picker &lt;saarp&gt;
	<li>David Shih &lt;shyguy&gt; [Site Manager]
	<li>Jennifer Snider &lt;jenni&gt; [General Manager]
	<LI>Chris Williams &lt;clw&gt;
</ul>
<dt>Others Present:
<dd><i>None.</i>
</dl>
<hr>

The meeting was called to order at 7:13 pm in Sibley Auditorium by Jennifer.
<p>

<h3><A NAME="#Announcements">Announcements</A></h3>

Jennifer announced that next week would be the final Board of Directors
meeting of the semester.  Since the Summer Board will be elected at this
time, she said she'd appreciate it if everyone showed up.  Also on the
agenda is discussing the approximately $2000 the OCF has yet to spend from
this years' budget.

<h3><A NAME="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A></h3>

Jennifer reported that the OCF has been informed they are remodeling the
third floor of Eshelman (where the OCF office is located) over the summer
and the ASUC wants suggestions for what they should do while remodeling.
Anyone who has comments should tell her so she can pass them on.

<p>

Jennifer also reported that she has been working with a HP customer service
representative to get one of his clients to donate a pair of Apollo DN 5500's
with 760 meg hard drives and 32 megs RAM each.  Kenji mentioned he has been
talking to a Sun reseller who is looking to trade a SparcStation for parts for
his Apollo workstation.

<p>

Jennifer said the Sun SparcServer 4/470 promised us by NEC is still at NEC
waiting for it's replacement to arrive.  Ken Emery, the NEC employee who
arranged the donation, is leaving NEC soon, but has left word that the
machine is promised to us when it is finally taken out of service.  The OCF
has borrowed a 32-megabyte RAM board from the CSUA that is designed for the
4/400 series, but which ERic Mehlhaff thinks might work in our current 4/330
as well.  Once the OCF finds out whether or not it is useful to us, we will
talk to the CSUA about making arrangements for us to keep it, since it is
currently not useful to them.

<p>

Jennifer also said the OCF's year-end report is due to ASUC soon and anyone
who would like to submit something to it can talk to her about it.

<h3><A NAME="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A></h3>

David Shih reported that sandstorm's hard disk died over the weekend and the
prognosis for it does not look good.

<h3><A Name="#Sparc Manager Report">Sparc Manager Report</A></h3>

Kenji reported that he and Andrew worked on getting patches for the machines
last week.  He said that the primary needs for the machines right now are
RAM and hard disks.


<h3><A Name="#General Discussion">Other Business & General Discussion</A></h3>

Jennifer asked the assemblage what they thought the OCF's goals should be.
Dave Lee said the OCF should take over the world.  Jennifer replied that she
was looking for shorter-term goals.

<p>

Tom Cheng said he'd like the OCF to spend more time on user education.  Dave
Lee suggested new user orientations.  Others suggested working with the
dorms and CalSO to deal with new students in a more organized fashion in the
fall.  Shac said he would talk to CalSO since he is already coordinating
activities with them for the Cal Band.

<p>

Saar brought up the way new OCF accounts are created.  He said he'd like to
see a system more like the way Cory accounts are created, where users telnet
in to set up an account name and password, then come down in person the next
day to pick up a form to activate the account.  Discussion ensued on whether
or not this plan was better than the current system.  It was pointed out that
while this could save staff time, it didn't have much benefit for the users,
especially if they came down to set up an account only to find out they had
to come back again the next day.

<p>


The meeting was closed at 8:35 pm.  The next Board of Directors meeting will
be Tuesday, May 2, 1995 in 120a Bechtel at 7 pm.

<hr>

<address>
Respectfully submitted,
<p>
Alan Coopersmith, OCF Secretary
</address>


</body></html>
