
                           OPEN COMPUTING FACILITY
                                       
Minutes of the April 25, 1995 General Meeting

  AGENDA
     * Announcements
     * General Manager Report
     * Site Manager Report
     * Sparc Manager Report
     * Other Business & General Discussion
       
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
  ATTENDANCE
  
   Active Members Present:
          
          + Elaine Chao <chaos>
          + Alan Coopersmith <alanc>
          + Tom Cheng <tomcheng>
          + Kenji Hubbard <kenji>
          + ShaColby Jackson <shac>
          + Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky>
          + David Lee <lcddave>
          + Steve Martinot <marto>
          + Tom Moore <moray>
          + Saar Picker <saarp>
          + David Shih <shyguy> [Site Manager]
          + Jennifer Snider <jenni> [General Manager]
          + Chris Williams <clw>
            
   Others Present:
          None.
          
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
   The meeting was called to order at 7:13 pm in Sibley Auditorium by
   Jennifer.
   
  ANNOUNCEMENTS
  
   Jennifer announced that next week would be the final Board of
   Directors meeting of the semester. Since the Summer Board will be
   elected at this time, she said she'd appreciate it if everyone showed
   up. Also on the agenda is discussing the approximately $2000 the OCF
   has yet to spend from this years' budget.
   
  GENERAL MANAGER REPORT
  
   Jennifer reported that the OCF has been informed they are remodeling
   the third floor of Eshelman (where the OCF office is located) over the
   summer and the ASUC wants suggestions for what they should do while
   remodeling. Anyone who has comments should tell her so she can pass
   them on.
   
   Jennifer also reported that she has been working with a HP customer
   service representative to get one of his clients to donate a pair of
   Apollo DN 5500's with 760 meg hard drives and 32 megs RAM each. Kenji
   mentioned he has been talking to a Sun reseller who is looking to
   trade a SparcStation for parts for his Apollo workstation.
   
   Jennifer said the Sun SparcServer 4/470 promised us by NEC is still at
   NEC waiting for it's replacement to arrive. Ken Emery, the NEC
   employee who arranged the donation, is leaving NEC soon, but has left
   word that the machine is promised to us when it is finally taken out
   of service. The OCF has borrowed a 32-megabyte RAM board from the CSUA
   that is designed for the 4/400 series, but which ERic Mehlhaff thinks
   might work in our current 4/330 as well. Once the OCF finds out
   whether or not it is useful to us, we will talk to the CSUA about
   making arrangements for us to keep it, since it is currently not
   useful to them.
   
   Jennifer also said the OCF's year-end report is due to ASUC soon and
   anyone who would like to submit something to it can talk to her about
   it.
   
  SITE MANAGER REPORT
  
   David Shih reported that sandstorm's hard disk died over the weekend
   and the prognosis for it does not look good.
   
  SPARC MANAGER REPORT
  
   Kenji reported that he and Andrew worked on getting patches for the
   machines last week. He said that the primary needs for the machines
   right now are RAM and hard disks.
   
  OTHER BUSINESS & GENERAL DISCUSSION
  
   Jennifer asked the assemblage what they thought the OCF's goals should
   be. Dave Lee said the OCF should take over the world. Jennifer replied
   that she was looking for shorter-term goals.
   
   Tom Cheng said he'd like the OCF to spend more time on user education.
   Dave Lee suggested new user orientations. Others suggested working
   with the dorms and CalSO to deal with new students in a more organized
   fashion in the fall. Shac said he would talk to CalSO since he is
   already coordinating activities with them for the Cal Band.
   
   Saar brought up the way new OCF accounts are created. He said he'd
   like to see a system more like the way Cory accounts are created,
   where users telnet in to set up an account name and password, then
   come down in person the next day to pick up a form to activate the
   account. Discussion ensued on whether or not this plan was better than
   the current system. It was pointed out that while this could save
   staff time, it didn't have much benefit for the users, especially if
   they came down to set up an account only to find out they had to come
   back again the next day.
   
   The meeting was closed at 8:35 pm. The next Board of Directors meeting
   will be Tuesday, May 2, 1995 in 120a Bechtel at 7 pm.
     _________________________________________________________________
   
    Respectfully submitted,
    
    Alan Coopersmith, OCF Secretary
