Sat Feb 16 12:00:38 PST 2002
ruminations by kenao@ocf

According to wyc, there were not enough BoD members present for quorum.
Because this, nobody took minutes. I can only hope that smcc is taking
attendance, and expiring no-shows. 
However, it looks like attendance hasn't been taken since 11/01:
http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~smcc/attendance.cgi

To fill in the void of minutes being taken, I will take the liberty of
pontificating. Oh joy. So here is OCF's status, from one alum's perspective.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

A. Lab: it's done, but ghetto -- nothing new. Still no forced user login into win pcs.
I'm sure patrick doesn't like that it's dirty. I know I don't. 
-Some things could probably be more automated. 
-Are CD-RW drives usable? 
-How about hot/cold water dispenser..
-Overhead projector
-Need to replace part of the PC fleet every other semester (peripherals, systems, monitors)
-Network, direct fiber to sproul yet?
** can someone retake this picture? preferably closer to twilight, so you can
see the lights - for contrast
http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/newlab/nol24b.jpg


B. Staff: thinning out due to graduating staff. 
This semester's GM is Steve Callahan (calman)
This semester's SM are Steve McCamant (smcc) and Wayne Chan (wyc)
There has been lots of email/talk about publicizing and really pushing for mcb pre-meds and cs61x people to join. 
- presenting in front of classes
- *tabling on sproul*
- need to flyer. eek should make more. or staff should re-use our dorm flyers


C. Budget: OCF has a huge budget and needs to use it up to provide better services. 
OCF spends money on providing printing (toner esp isn't cheap, but paper too), and has bought or will buy 
- a new imac (ishade/ilamp - to be stuck in the NSR until things are figured out)
- a new ComfyChair (ikea; leather; cool stuff; 699 - cheaper than csua's scandinavia design lounge sofas)


D. web services
nice fat quotas. plus homedir space that can be slaved.
Web Server Statistics for [The OCF]
Program started at Sat-16-Feb-2002 12:28.
Analysed requests from Sun-10-Feb-2002 00:09 to Sat-16-Feb-2002 12:29 (6.5 days).
Successful requests: 1,904,580
Average successful requests per day: 292,387
Successful requests for pages: 378,637
Average successful requests for pages per day: 58,127
Failed requests: 65,801
Redirected requests: 22,264
Distinct files requested: 132,775
Distinct hosts served: 95,479
Corrupt logfile lines: 5,458
Data transferred: 28.688 Gbytes
Average data transferred per day: 4.404 Gbytes

Listing directories with at least 0.01% of the traffic, sorted by the amount of traffic.
reqs: %bytes: directory
------: ------: ---------
116100: 13.23%: /~dsafaria/
 reqs: search term
 -----: -----------
  4578: bruce
   4555: lee

http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/ana/outputfile.html



E. Future directions.
Since the lab is largely Windows (even if there are more Sun machines in the lab), 
and the lab is easily accessible to the lay student, OCF staff has lost its campy family feel. 
In the words of one hsm member, we got what we wanted and found that we didn't want it.
Still, OCF is somewhat more useful now. The new lab is definitely better than the 
old one in 217 Eshleman, or 67 Barrows. Of course, it is not The Web. At least 
our interesting hostnames remain. 

Fun things we could do: another party, publicize/hold newstaff orientations, make a short film around ocf.
have everyone record public service announcements for airing on kalx.
make ken watch fight club and crouching tiger and all those moviez.

=end=
