Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
bryli
ethanhs
etw
jyxzhang
kdr
kmo
lmathias
njha
rayh
rjz
ronitnath
snarain

Guests in attendance:
evangong*
kian*
ncograin*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.


Quorum for this meeting is 9

Meeting Started at 19:11

Runbook Social
 - Runbook social will be Friday evening

Opstaff
 - Not closing for alumni dinner (meet up at OCF then leave)
 - Hiring closed 11/29 midnight
   - Behind by a day! Applications should be read over by EOD 12/1
 - Closing after Wednesday during finals week
 - Monday: Someone was supposed to cover for kdr 6-8, forgot to cover
   - rjz came to close door, nothing bad happened

*M Elections
 - happening
 - 2 min speech, 2 min Q&A, 2 min deliberations (candidate steps out, discuss)
 - Valid ballots:
   - GM: ronitnath/bencuan, jyxzhang/bencuan, jyxzhang/ronitnath
   - SM: rjz/njha, etw/njha, rjz/etw

==GM Elections

bencuan
 - Most important goal is diversity and inclusino, especially skill wise
   - OCF historically not good at it, high barrier of entry
   - Most OCF staff are self-selected, lots of sysadmin experience, so limits ability to relate with/represent community
   - Want to make contributing as accessible as possible
     - Will be helping with formal staff training, bridge general CS and decal content
     - Hopefully people will be comfortable with contributing
 - Improve organization, create opportunities for designers to contribute
   - Likely a new committee, integrate both opstaff/OA and volunteer staff
 - PURCHASE MLK AND DECLARE INDEPENDENCE
 - Socials were fun, well organized
 - Committees have been very active
 - Q&A:
   - What will staff training entail?
     - Reserve 1 hr/wk (Thurs 8-9?) towards fun/collaborative starter tasks, advertised to decal students and newstaff
     - List of ideas already done
     - Think Hack Day but 1 hr/week
   - Other ideas for diversity @ OCF?
     - Advertise OCF to wider audience, be more specific about offerings
     - Only advertising seen is free printing signs in doe, word of mouth
     - Increase signage, be more active, connect w/ other clubs
   - Preferred ticket??????????????
     - Waddles and vacuum
   - Decal status next sem?
     - Laksith main decal head, very qualified to take over, no major changes
     - Possible semester off next fall to revamp content
     - Need facilitators, join #decal-comm on Slack/Discord/IRC

jyxzhang
 - Focus on previous problems, like afterhours/emergency access
 - Take a look at advertising OCF to more people
   - Something more than just a 'printing' place, also a place to study
 - Take steps to improve exposure of the OCF on campus
 - Q&A:
   - How would you work with your fellow GM? *Ms?
     - Depends on who the other GM is, if it's with bencuan, will work with him on his ideas to improve accessibility to those with less experience.
     - For SMs, he plans to learn from them, but wants to make sure we maximize the utilization of resources in the lab
   - What other changes do you most want to see in the OCF?
     - Increasing hours, more exposure

ronitnath
 - Solution to increase diversity is to have a mentor system, track progress throughout the semester
 - Increase general membership up to 2-3x by having better onboarding systems
 - Q&A:
   - As internal head, what have you done, how would you change things?
     - In the future, would prefer to have better onboarding - easier starter tasks
     - Looked at other org's onboarding, want to build a similar one to make OCF's tasks less intimidating
     - Issue was that this semester, systems weren't finished, so couldn't put it out yet
   - What concrete, specific things have you thought about and done in regards to recruitment?
     - Coordinated a town hall in regards to the issue of diversity in STEM
     - Large laundry list of ideas that we can implement
     - Increasing gender diversity -> how we do our recruiting
       - Can't be so specific about topics, like *nix or w/e
       - More about "do you want to learn about computers?" -> simpler, more accessible
       - Bring in more people with different talents
   - Time commitments? Other visions besides recruitment?
     - Next semester, a lot less time commitments (activity more like freshman year)
     - Community of incredible engineers each w/ different talents
       - Increasing concentration of people will better the network the OCF has
       - Need engineers who want to work on the issues at the OCF
     - Not pushing specific projects, but rather on whether we have engineers here to work on the projects
   - Earlier, was talking about how not everyone is interested in Linux. Do you want to make different kinds of projects?
     - Need a better system of onboarding: Linux isn't that scary, but if you're not used to it, then it's intimidating
     - Projects need people with diverse criteria
     - Need people with more diverse experiences, not just computer-focused

==SM Elections

etw
 - Main goal as SM is to continue modernizing systems
 - Want to get Kubernetes server up, so we aren't dependent on a single point of failure (like with hypervisor reboot)
 - A lot of the work is going to be setting up, moving to new platform
 - Get transition done ASAP to avoid availability issues
 - Want to take steps to use all the resources we already have
 - Q&A:
   - Plans to balance maintaining old systems vs implementing new ones? 
     - Old services are still running on the old stack, otherwise services will go down
     - First priority: need to make sure we are able to provide the same services
   - RT?
     - Need to get more people comfortable with answering tickets
     - Include more documentation, staff members need to be able to look at a ticket and easily figure out what to do
   - Would you propose any changes to the RT system to make it more user-friendly?
     - Want to, but hesitant because that deals with emails
     - No plans for change currently because of the above point
     - Servicable as long as people know how to use it -> documentation, tips and tricks

njha
 - Goals for current semester:
   - Working on making new Kubernetes work as well as old Kubernetes
   - Entirely documented! Has CI mostly working, but it's the only thing somewhat broken
   - Secrets manager written from scratch, working
 - Goals for future semester:
   - OCF API - API-based approach to get things done
     - Combine with OCF KIT (?) to make things like restore from backup easy
   - Elasticsearch cluster: all documentation, RT tickets, Github repo, etc. will be indexed and searchable
   - Reorganize lab space
   - Don't want OCF to be "free printing facility," could have things like OCF AWS and so on, making lab more accessible for studying and so on
 - Q&A:
   - Plans for service, RT?
     - Happy with how RT turned out this semester, new semester stepped up and responded to tickets
     - Hoping to continue that, maybe with recruitment and making things easier to do (like with scripts)?
   - Plans to mentor new staff?
     - Tried to find two or three staff members interested in one particular thing that isn't really done in OCF
     - Datasci/design, they aren't here right now :(
     - Decal was promising
   - HPC down for around a month, how do you plan to prevent similar problems?
     - Old infrastructure is a pain and not really used
     - Thus the focus on Kubernetes, modern infrastructure
     - Going forward, need to make sure that similar issues are fixed in a reasonable timeframe
   - Where are your staff hours?
     - lol
     - Will commit to adding some next semester

rjz
 - Current documentation is lacking and/or disorganized, we're also moving to new infrastructure
 - Good opportunity to make documentation more accessible/useful, for both OCF users and staff
 - More accustomed to the old way of doing things, but that works well with other SMs who are more up to date with new systems
 - Need to migrate passwords (plaintext on supernova) to an actual password manager
 - Q&A:
   - Plans for service, RT?
     - Getting new servers up and running in timely fashion
     - Also want to migrate old systems (e.g., fallingrock eating up resources)
     - RT: tentative plan is to triage different tickets
   - Mentoring new staff?
     - No time :(

==ELECTION RESULTS

- GM: bencuan, jyxzhang
- SM: etw, rjz

Meeting Adjourned at 20:44 

Notetaker: bryli
