OCF Weekly BoD Meeting Thursday September 15th, 2011
Meeting called to session 6:56

Attendance:
Arron  amloessb
Felix waf
Kenny kedo
Raphtown
Dara  daradib
Sanjay sanjayk
Loren mcint
Katherine kmock
Jay jakakxl
Kevin kfang


Michael  7:27


Open topic¨:
Raphael – new staff not yet added to staff mailing list – Dara – just added – 2hours
Felix – LDAP server update time from 15 minutes to 5 minutes, not yoet done for Kerberos


Updates:
Paper, running low – Michael and Dara had to go to Staples to get 2 boxes of paper.
-past practice: buy 30% recycled paper $45/box.  0% recycled could be cheaper $40/box or $30/box
-can switch to 100% recycled paper $55 – staples has a rewards program, cost → $50/box
-Current monthly usage: 1 – 2 boxes per week. – diff of $30 per month.
---Could market 100% recycled - publicity
---Could do apply green program
-Paper is on 4th floor of ASUS Aux.  (100% recycled) – will be picked up tomorrow – Friday 9/16


No backups – backup was set up, but the RAID volume failed.
-(configs for servers are backed up)
-at present, user data is not backed up
--Want to switch to software RAID
---Might be unreliable. Issues of difficult startup obeserved
---Machine dependent.
---15 disks vs 2 disk
jakakxl – replace RAID controller
--Machine is ~7 years old.  RAID controller $500 - $1000.  Should just buy new machine (server)
--ASUC machine enclosures – 10 or 12 drive.  Include drives and weak servers.
----Disappeared, was on last rack


-Mail
--Block list has been acting up, mark everything up.  Raised up the score of everything, to block some emails.


-Need 
1.         Improve online approve
2.         Can we write a FORGET acct, and a RECOVER pwd script.  New approve store SID to file.
3.         Correlating approve.log
4.          approve.user
5.         are 2 separate logs, b/c can't have SID and username 
6.         No longer need SIDs, now use UIDs
7.         Can't translate users to UID entries, pwd reset
8.         Translate IFF first and last name are unique match


New topic: focus on new staff.  “You know what we do, what do you want to do”
1.         Felix project working now, when user emails staff.  Request tracker-its set up, needs to be integrated with mail and queues. Opens a ticket, can comment (email staff) or reply (email user and staff).


Most people are still going to email staff and help


Only if not an ocf address, forward to ODF 
We have help@ocf, points to tracker@ocf



Aaron, who uses mutt to check mail
can easily bounce/forward


Request tracker, could be resolved in labs. 


Dara – when writing a long email, sometimes user comes into lab and 


Manually done


If someone has emailed, we lose a lot of emails.


RT has do template reply, whenever someone asks for a password reset, reply with (need to come into lab)


Be careful about reply all vs comment
Users replying to all


Loren, and Kenny – I'm interested in getting online approve working
-Can integrate with account creation


Need to check
-staff affiliates
-registration status
-previous account
-issues in approve log (multiple acct creation, )


-Approve doesn't detect an issue like...
-Write to approve.log but not approve.users


-need to make sure that SID and username match


2 most tedious checks for 
users think they need a new account every semester
-need to judge if old enough to not be enough.
-send emails 




online approve could send out approval email, “Accnt has been approved, not yet created”


Add form to website to check if acct has been approved.
Can have a cron job email approved users – approve can send email as soon as its run.




Kenny, Jay and Loren will work on approve
Kenny – logistics of the club


Raphael will work on 






Katherine between projects – wants to work on something




Tell users that near printing quota, when login. 




Eschelman is being demolished, OCF is getting moved out in spring or summer.  Still don't know where servers or lab will be.  Only place available is floor of Caesar Chavez. 


Evans?
Possible locations on campus


Need server room, and lab room (preferably close – but willing to compromise) Server room – room for 2 racks and probably A/C   Lab enough for 30 computers – classroom size or ++


How does room assgt work – political –working with ASUC, has lower Sproul project.  SURGE – relocate people.  Abram – paid, staff, employee – response from him is always “Ok I can try” many requests, doesn't work. **


Meet in person.
Negotiation tactics?  **


There are also student with a role in Lower Sproul rennovation


President, only ASUC member with an ocf account? May be one other?
There is a student beginning to work on surge.


Evans – not the norm?  Basement of Evans?
Could do a survey? About where to move. Can only go into ASUC owned buildings?  
Help with professors, know of
Brian Harvey
Whitty . Berkeley.edu
Westeg
Wittenberg


From the prespective of University, we are ASUC.  Reliant on them, but no direct history from University student groups.




More relevant topics???


New server
Just webserver and mysql. - both need to run for either to work, if one goes down.  Same physical machine, two Vms.


New server, much more powerful, has a lot of cores, want saclable processes. Apache and mysql are scalable. - mail not useful/true here, max load of mail 5%...


should more var/mail – talk about in future


Virtualization software – KVM – Kernel Virtualization Management – on new server, to host multiple machines


Adjourn 8:01