
     Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting of Feb. 11, 1993

Present at this meeting (BoD Members marked with an *)

	 Keir Morgan ([kmorgan|gm]@ocf)	*Mark Nolte (marko@ocf)
	 Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)		 Julian Leong (jules@ocf)
	 Peter Mardahl (peterm@ocf)	*Cynthia St. Haynes (chaynges@ocf)
	*Jonathan W. Lin (jwlin@ocf)	 Terry Yeung (terryy@ocf)
	*Lars Smith (lars@ocf)		 David Shy (shyguy@ocf)
	*Peter Norby (norby@ocf)	*Mike "Mark" Lee (mlee@ocf)
	 George W. Herbert (gwh@ocf)	 Evil ERic Mehlhaff (mehlhaff@ocf)
	*Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)	*Chris Williams (clw@ocf)
	*Kinshuk Govil (kinshuk@ocf)	 Marco Nicosia ([marco|sm]@ocf)
	 Partha S. Banerjee (psb@ocf)

New Board of Directors:

	Nobody wanted to be voted onto the Board of Directors at this meeting.
	If you are interested in becoming a member of the Board and helping
	to determine the future of the OCF, feel free to join us at any OCF
	BoD meeting! Even if you are not interested in becoming a member,
	BoD meetings are open to the public, and the OCF membership should
	feel free to attend and make their voice heard.

Secretary:

	It was decided that the position of Secretary is un-needed at this
	time, so Marco will take the meeting minutes.

Reregistration:

	Yes, it's that time of year! Reregistration didn't work out last 
	semester due to software failure, so we are going to try again this
	semester! This semester, the software has been re-written and is
	hopefully more reliable.

	Keir mentioned that he definitely wants a table on Sproul this go
	around. Last semester, we had people, but no table! A brief
	discussion on whether or not we would like to ask for the use of 
	one of the Sproul terminals ended up in a decision that a paper
	method is much more practical. (Mentioned at this point: David
	Friedman is still working on obtaining a list of registered students
	from Sproul which can be used in junction with the approve program
	and future reregistrations.)

	Both the Site Manager and the General manager highly advised an
	In-Person reregistration instead of an electronic reregistration.
	The BoD readily agreed.

	The meeting went on to cover the timing of reregistration. Last
	semester, the BoD decided on too short a period and had to extend it
	later. Two basic timing schedules were suggested:

		- 2 weeks of regular re-registration followed by:
		  2 weeks of reregistration in which the users who have
		  not reregistered are in some way notified (the site
		  manager will figure out how this notification will
		  be implemented.) followed by:
		  2 weeks during which the accounts will be sorry'd and
		  at the end of this period, the accounts will be backed
		  up onto tape.
		- 4 weeks of straight reregistration, at the end of which
		  the accounts will be turned off and backed up to tape
		  at a time which I did not manage to write down.

	In addition, several other proposals were bandied about. Discussion
	on how to restore accounts from tape ensued. It was eventually
	decided that any major decisions on this were not necessary since 
	the number of people who show up to have their accounts restored
	from tape was too small last semester to be significant.

	In a 9 - "irrelevant" vote, the first schedule was passed (2/2/2.)
	(At this point, Cynthia Leigh St. Haynes (chaynges@ocf) took off.)

	Therefore, the donation drive will start next Tuesday. 

Donation Drive:

	As a SISG (Student Initiated Service Group) we can have a donation
	drive, according to the General Manager (Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf))

	Staff and other authorized people can accept money which will be
	turned over to either the Site-Manager or the General-Manager for
	safe keeping. All donators will get a receipt for their donation,
	which is tax-deductible. Although we would prefer checks, it is
	possible that the people who collect the money will take cash and
	write a check of their own. Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf) mentioned that
	we hope to buy a new piece of hardware (not Apollo!) with the
	donation money and that our final purchase must be reviewed by ASUC.

	Do we want to run the donation drive in conjunction with the
	reregistration? Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf) mentioned that the donation
	drive requires some paper work that must be done with the ASUC which
	may not be done in time for the donation drive.

	Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf) said that he will tell the staff to
	mention the donation drive to every user AFTER that user has already
	reregistered to avoid confusion. Otherwise, users might think that
	they must make a donation in order to be reregistered. This allows
	at the very least, a good way to publicize the drive and prompt
	donations.

	(On a side track: Keith Bostic has given us some machines, there
	 was an argument over whether or not we actually want these
	 machines. Peter Norby (norby@ocf) eventually cut off the argument
	 by pointing out that we were arguing over machines that we did not
	 even have yet!)

Printer Quotas:

	We have working printer quota software, Evil ERic Mehlhaff
	(mehlhaff@ocf) and Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf) wrote software that
	utilizes the fact that the printers actually return how many pages
	they have printed. A long time ago, it was calculated that we could
	afford 100 pages per user per semester, so the BoD decided to limit 
	every user to only 100 pages per semester after which the
	Site-Manager will decided how the user can regain printing
	privileges (probably will charge 5 cents per page.)

The Disk (Usage) Management Board:

	This is the committee that approves/denies disk waviers to users
	who wish to apply for disk waviers so that they may use more than 
	the normal one megabyte of disk per user. The OCF needs a new DuMB
	for this semester!

	Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf) announced that we will elect a new DuMB
	for this semester at the next BoD meeting. It is a three person
	committee, and according to Keir, it is an equal opportunity (for
	most people) selection process.

Site-Manager's Report:

	We continue to add accounts at a good rate. Maelstrom and Planecrash
	now have 660 Megabyte drives. //maelstrom is really soda's old disk
	and is to be used for development of X11R5 ONLY. //planecrash is
	going to be used for even MORE accounts! In addition, hailstorm is
	now partnered to planecrash.

	The new account forms seem to be working well, especially the second
	page help page. Approve is goofing up once in a while, Marco Nicosia
	(marco@ocf) is continuing to hack on it and will make a minor
	modification to the account form, a "Created?" check box.

At this point, we resorted to eating the Doughnuts and Bagels/Cream cheese
supplied by the General Manager/Site Manager.
