     Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting of Feb. 25, 1993

Present at this meeting (BoD Members denoted by a *) :

	*Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf)	 Peter Mardahl (peterm@ocf)
	 Julian Leong (jules@ocf)	 Partha Banerjee (psb@ocf)
	*Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)	*Mark Nolte (marko@ocf)
	*Chris Williams (clw@ocf)	*Lars Smith (lars@ocf)
	 Lara Lee (llee@ocf)		 Terry Yeung (terryy@ocf)
	*Peter Norby (norby@ocf)	 Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)
	 Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)		*Mike Lee (mlee@ocf)
	*Jonathan W. Lin (jwlin@ocf)

	Quorum was met at tonight's meeting. Special thanks go to Jean
Yim for taking notes while marco ran all over campus looking for his backpack.

	The first order of business was to elect a Disk Usage Management
Board. Keir took this chance to briefly explain what the DuMB is.
Basically, the DuMB is in charge of approving/denying all disk waviers
while the Disk Tsar (A Site Manager appointed position) is in charge of
enforcing the waviers. Last semester, it was decided that the DuMB shall
always be three, and thus, the nominations and results!

	Login:		First Round:		Run-off for third member:
	psb		|||||			-----
	norby		|||			|||
	lars		||||			-----
	marko		|||			||
	mlee		|||			|
	clw		|||			<none>

	The members of the Spring 1993 Disk Usage Management Board are:
	psb, norby, and lars

Donations Drive Report:
	Reciept books have been purchased and are now under OCF2.
	There is a standard template for those who don't know how
	to fill out reciepts. Sadly, the sample is a bit screwed up!
	Keir has mailed most of the relevant people. So far, Keir has
	about $50 - $60 in donations and marco has $60 - $80 + about $40 
	in checks.

	The OCF recieves about $2000 - $4000 per year although we have 
	only been a SISG (Student Initiated Service Group) for one year.
	The disadvantage of having a donation drive is that the ASUC might
	give us less money with the excuse that we have another source of
	income. 

	The Donation DRive has been announced by Peterm, who read the 
	announcement which basically suggested a donation of $5 to $10 
	and listed the OCF's snail mail mailing address.

The Site Manager's Report
	Well, there was little for marco to say, he'd just spent all day 
	fixing the machines and things seemed semi-stable.

General Conversation:
	We mostly spoke about what exactly we wanted to buy for the OCF with
	the donation money. psb states that the previous BoD did not want
	any Apollo-specific hardware. Marco worries that we are going to
	get caught in the middle with half and half, best we should stick
	with one architecture. Keir feels that we should go for a sun4
	architecture server since we can get one with lots of disk and
	memory fairly cheaply since a lot of the cost is in the console.

	We also talked briefly about our P.O. at Copy World, which is 
	basically $50 per month. RuneS will also help with copying.

Election of New Members to the Board of Directors

	Jean Yim (jyim@ocf) asked to be placed on the Board and was approved
	with 7 yes votes.

