
	   Board of Directors Meeting Minutes of 3/18/1993

Logged into the BoD meeting were:
	Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)		Peter Norby and orange (norby@ocf)
	Chris Williams (clw@ocf)	Andrei Cogan (coganman@ocf)
	Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)	Kinshuk Govil (kinshuk@ocf)
	ERic Mehlhaff (mehlhaff@ocf)	Jonathan Lin (jwlin@ocf)
	Lars Smith (lars@ocf)		David Shy (shyguy@ocf)
	Peter Mardahl (peterm@ocf)	Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf)
	Andre Moreno (amoreno@ocf)	Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)

Donations/Donation drive:
	We are at approximately $1,000, about one third of our goal.
	Keir has some vague quotes on new computer stuff. (We need to 
	schedule a General Meeting.) This may sound like good news, BUT,
	we've only got about 100 seperate donations which happen to add
	up to $1,000. Clearly, if a thousand people made donations, we'd
	have plenty to work with.

ReRegistration:
	We discussed ReRegistration briefly. We've got very few actual
	reregistrations, we're hoping that the Site Managers shutting
	off of about 3500 accounts will bring the users back in.

Computer Mentor:
	Keir has recieved a pamphlet looking to recruit computer savvy 
	people to help others for a non-profit organization. He'll make
	a posting on that soon.

Site Manager's Report:
	We're working on getting staff meetings organized so that we can
	help foster the fresh new minds on the OCF staff. Also, we'll
	be taking down the machines next Monday and Tuesday for spring
	cleaning and re-distribution of hardware. Marco is running aroung
	attempting to get 4 new Ethernet connections, something that would
	significantly improve the OCF's performance, we hope.

