[Archivist's note: Originally extracted from ~jenni/bod/02.01.95.gz]
           Minutes of the OCF General Meeting of February 1, 1995

Attendance:

	Alan Coopersmith (alanc@ocf)	 	Amanda Novak (nova@ocf)
	Andrei Moutchkine (muchandr@ocf)	Andrew Swan (aswan@ocf)
	Ari Zilka (ari@ocf)			Chris Williams (clw@ocf)
	Dave Lee (lcddave@ocf)			Dave Wong (dave@ocf)
	David Chia (chiapet@ocf)		David Shih (shyguy@ocf)
	Eric Mehlhaff (mehlhaff@ocf)		Erik Agee (agee@ocf)
	Erik Muller (erikm@ocf)			James Cheng (jhens@ocf)
	Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)			Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)
	Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)		Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)
	Michael Kaminsky (kaminsky@ocf)		Navid Sabbaghi (navigate@ocf)
	Nevin Cheung (nevman@ocf)		Norby Anderson (norby@ocf)
	Rachel Yotter (raytrace@ocf)		Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)
	Saar Picker (saarp@ocf)			ShaColby Jackson (shac@ocf)
	Thomas Moore (moray@ocf)		Thomas Waung (twaung@ocf)
	Tracy Scott (trscott@ocf)

Agenda:
	Help Sessions
	"What is the OCF?"
	Managers Report (Budget)
	Other Reports
	Elections
	    Approve Faculty Advisor
	    General Manager Election
		(switch)
	    Site Manager Election
	    Board Elections
	Set (Preliminary) Meeting Time

The meeting was called to order for the last time by our General Manager,
Marco Nicosia at 7:45pm.

Help Sessions:

Brion Moss reported on the success of the Help Sessions so far.  He
encouraged people to help out, they could use more typists and teachers
(mail helper@ocf to volunteer).  The list of offered help sessions can be
found by fingering helper@ocf.

General Manager's Report:

Marco again emphasized the Help Sessions and the stressed the need for more
people to volunteer.

Marco attended a budget meeting last night.  The budget is due next month,
so we need to come up with a proposal quickly.  Last year we were allotted
$7,210 and we've spent approximately $2,000 as of right now.

Marco asked for volunteers to help pick up the rest of the Sun equipment
from the School of Optometry, it should be picked up by next week.  

Marco brought up for discussion buying Pentiums to run the OCF Cluster on.
This was discussed a little, but was left for the future General Manager and
Board to decided upon.

Site Manager's Report:

Alan said that at the start of the semster we had approximately 8,500
accounts, now we have 10,500.  Flood's disk is still having problems, though
Tom Waung was able to get all the accounts off of it.

Secretary's Report:

The phone in the office is still missing.  If there is someone who has a phone
(working) that they would like to donate to the OCF mail jenni@ocf.

EJC Representative's Report:

Nevin had nothing to report except that the meetings will be every week until
E-week.

Elections:


  Faculty Advisor:

	Brian Harvey was unanimously approved as our Faculty Advisor.

  General Manager:

	Nevin Cheung was nominated by himself and Erik Agee nominated
	Jennifer Snider, both accepted the nomination.  After speeches and a
	question period, a vote was taken:

		Nevin:	  7
		Jennifer: 21
		!psb:	  1
	There were no abstentions.

At this point in the meeting, Marco turned the meeting over to Jennifer
Snider and began taking the Minutes.

  Site Manager:

	Norby Anderson nominated Kenji Hubbard and Rachel Yotter, both of
	whom declined the nomination.  Rachel Yotter nominated David Chia
	(who accepted), Alan Coopersmith, and Norby Anderson, the latter two
	declined the nomination.  James Cheng nominated David Shih (Shy) who
	accepted the nomination.  Kenji Hubbard nominated Nevin Cheung who
	also accepted the nomination.  After speeches and a question period
	it was called to a vote:

		David Chia:   1
		David Shih:   18
		Nevin Cheung: 6
	There were no abstentions.

  Board Elections:

	Nevin Cheung, Erik Muller, Kenji Hubbard, Alan Coopersmith, Marco
	Nicosia, Tracy Scott, Michael Kaminsky, David Lee, ShaColby Jackson,
	Rune Stromsness, Chris Williams, and Norby Anderson were all
	nominated to the board, all accepted.  All were elected to the
	board, though there was some controversy over Marco - 5 people voted
	against him.

Preliminary BoD Meeting Time:

	A vote was taken to make Tuesday, 7pm the official time for BoD
	meetings this semester.  The next BoD meeting will be on February 7,
	1995, at 7pm, place to be announced.

The meeting was closed at 9:25pm.

Respectfully Submitted,

Jennifer Snider
