<html><head>
<title>Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting of February 7, 1995</title>
</head><body>
<h1><A HREF="http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/OCF/">Open Computing Facility</A></h1>
<h1>Board of Directors</h1>
<h2>Minutes of the February 7, 1995 Meeting</h2>

<h3>Agenda</h3>

<ul>
<li><A HREF="#Old Business">Old Business</A>
	<ul>
	<li>Marco's Pentium Proposal
	<li>Bylaw Changes (Weekly Meetings)
	</ul>
<li><A HREF="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#Elections">Elections/Appointments</A>
	<ul>
	<li>Disk Usage Management Board
	<li>Engineering Joint Council Representative
	</ul>
<li><A HREF="#General Discussion">General Discussion</A>
<li><A HREF="#Election of New Board Members">Election of New Board Members</A>
</ul>

<hr>

<h3>Attendance</h3>
<dl>
<dt>Board Members Present:
<dd><ul>
	<li>Nevin Cheung &lt;nevman&gt;
	<li>Alan Coopersmith &lt;alanc&gt;
	<li>Kenji Hubbard &lt;kenji&gt;
	<li>Michael Kaminsky &lt;kaminsky&gt;
	<li>David C. Lee &lt;lcddave&gt;
	<li>Erik Muller &lt;erikm&gt;
	<li>Marco Nicosia &lt;marco&gt;
	<li>Peter Norby &lt;norby&gt;
	<li>Tracy Scott &lt;trscott&gt;
	<li>David Shih &lt;shyguy&gt; [Site Manager]
	<li>Jennifer Snider &lt;jenni&gt; [General Manager]
	<li>Chris Williams &lt;clw&gt;
</ul>
<dt>Others Present:
<dd><ul>
	<li>Erik Agee &lt;agee&gt;
	<li>Tara Bloyd &lt;tabloyd&gt;
</ul>
<dt>Members Absent:
<dd><ul>
	<li>ShaColby Jackson &lt;shac&gt;
	<li>Rune Stromsness &lt;runes&gt;
</ul>
</dl>
<hr>

The meeting was opened at 7:15 pm in 120 Bechtel by Jennifer.  She asked for
volunteers to be Secretary for the semester.  Alan was the only volunteer
and was appointed to the position.

<h3><A NAME="Old Business">Old Business</A></h3>

<h4>Marco's Pentium Proposal</h4>

Marco asked if everyone had read his 
<A HREF="gopher://gopher.ocf.berkeley.edu:70/00/OCF/ucb.org.ocf/volume95/Feb/950207.01">recent post to ucb.org.ocf</A>
which contained a better explanation of his plan than he gave at last week's
meeting.  Since very few people had read it, it was decided to table the
issue until next week.  Marco encouraged everyone to read his post and to
discuss the matter in the newsgroup before then.

<h4>Bylaw Changes (Weekly Meetings)</h4>

At last week's General Meeting it was pointed out that the Board often has
weeks in which there is nothing to discuss, so it was proposed at that time
that Board meetings be changed to every other week.  After some discussion
on the exact wording, the following change was proposed to section 2 of the
<A HREF="gopher://gopher.ocf.berkeley.edu:70/hh/OCF/Bylaws">OCF Bylaws</A>:
<p>
<dl>
<dt>Change:
<dd>The OCF Board of Directors shall meet <i>weekly</i>.
<dt>To:
<dd>The OCF Board of Directors shall meet <i>at least once every two weeks
     while the OCF is in session</i>.
</dl>
<p>
The change to the bylaws passed by a 11-0 vote.

<p>

<h3><A NAME="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A></h3>

Jennifer went to Bechtel last week to register the OCF as a member of the
Engineer's Joint Council and to reserve rooms for the Board meetings.  She
reserved 120A Bechtel every Tuesday evening for the rest of the semester,
except for March 14 and April 25 when she reserved Sibley Auditorium for
possible General Meetings, and March 7 when both Bechtel and Soda rooms were
already completely booked for a conference.  She also reminded OCF people
who had keys to the EJC office last semester that they were supposed to be
turned in at the end of the semester, and the people in Bechtel are wondering
where they are.
<p>
Jennifer announced that people with outstanding receipts from last semester
need to turn them in to her in the next week if they want to be reimbursed.
<p>
The OCF's SISG Mid-Year Report has not yet been turned in since Jennifer had
not yet recieved some of the necessary information from Marco.  The budget
proposal for next year is also not ready since the Board has not yet decided
on Marco's proposal for buying Pentiums with it.


<h3><A NAME="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A></h3>

David Shih reported that he shut down the whole cluster last Saturday night for
hard disk maintenance work, except for flood whose hard disk is still broken.
He also announced a change to staff policy that allows any staff member to
accept an application for a group account (previously only the site manager
was authorized to do so).

<h3><A NAME="#Elections">Elections/Appointments</A></h3>
<h4>Disk Usage Management Board</h4>

Elections were held for the Spring Disk Usage Management Board.  Jennifer
explained that this committee of three OCF members hears requests from OCF
users for waivers of the OCF's Disk Quota policy.  Nominations were then
opened.  Marco nominated Chris and Alan, both accepted.  Nevin nominated
Marco, who declined, and himself.  No one else wanted to run, so the
nominations were closed.  Since there were only 3 candidates for the 3 slots
Jennifer asked for objections to these 3 becoming the D.U.M.B. for Spring
semester, and no one objected.
<p>

<h4>Engineering Joint Council Representative</h4>

Jennifer asked for volunteers to be the OCF's representative to the EJC.
She mentioned that Nevin had already said he would continue in the post he
has held the past two semesters.  No one else expressed an interest in the
job, so she re-appointed Nevin to the position.

<p>
<h3><A NAME="General Discussion">General Discussion</A></h3>

Tracy asked for the status of the OCF's printer software.  Alan said staff
is trying to fix the OCF's currently buggy software, and it was mentioned
that Rachel Yotter's currently-in-progress XCF project is printer software
that the OCF may be able to use as well.
<p>

Nevin announced he had no EJC report to give since an emergency caused him to
miss the EJC meeting.  David Shih said he went and there was nothing to
report on.  Nevin also mentioned that he has been talking to someone who may
want to donate some 386 PC's to the OCF and he will let the Board know how
that turns out.

<h3><A NAME="Election of New Board Members">Election of New Board Members</A></h3>

Jennifer asked if anyone wanted to join the Board.  Erik Agee and Tara Bloyd
said they did, and were added to the Board with no objections.
<p>
The meeting was closed at 7:37 pm with a reminder that the next meeting will
be Tuesday, February 14, 1995 in 120A Bechtel at 7 pm.

</body></html>
