<html><head>
<title>Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting of February 28, 1995</title>
</head><body>
<h1><A HREF="http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/OCF/">Open Computing Facility</A></h1>
<h1>Board of Directors</h1>
<h2>Minutes of the February 28, 1995 Meeting</h2>

<h3>Agenda</h3>

<ul>
<li><A HREF="#Elections">Election of New Board Members</A>
<li><A HREF="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#EJC Report">EJC Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#General Discussion">Other Business & General Discussion</A>
</ul>

<hr>

<h3>Attendance</h3>
<dl>
<dt>Board Members Present:
<dd><ul>
	<li>Erik Agee &lt;agee&gt;
	<li>Tara Bloyd &lt;tabloyd&gt;
	<li>Nevin Cheung &lt;nevman&gt;
	<li>Alan Coopersmith &lt;alanc&gt;
	<li>Kenji Hubbard &lt;kenji&gt;
	<li>ShaColby Jackson &lt;shac&gt;
	<li>Michael Kaminsky &lt;kaminsky&gt;
	<li>David C. Lee &lt;lcddave&gt;
	<li>Erik Muller &lt;erikm&gt;
	<li>Marco Nicosia &lt;marco&gt;
	<li>Peter Norby &lt;norby&gt;
	<li>Tracy Scott &lt;trscott&gt;
	<li>David Shih &lt;shyguy&gt; [Site Manager]
	<li>Jennifer Snider &lt;jenni&gt; [General Manager]
	<li>Chris Williams &lt;clw&gt;
</ul>
<dt>Others Present:
<dd><ul>
	<li>Amy Baron &lt;amee&gt;
	<li>ERic Mehlhaff &lt;mehlhaff&gt;
	<li>Andrei Moutchkine &lt;muchandr&gt;
	<li>Thomas Waung &lt;twaung&gt;
	<li>Billy Yeung &lt;byeung&gt;
	<li>Rachel Yotter &lt;raytrace&gt;
</ul>
<dt>Members Absent:
<dd><i>None.</i>
</dl>
<hr>

The meeting was called to order at 7:18 pm in 120 Bechtel by Jennifer.

<h3><A NAME="Elections">Election of New Board Members</A></h3>

Rachel and Tom asked to be added to the Board and were approved by the
current membership.

<p>

<h3><A NAME="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A></h3>

Jennifer met with Matt Dundon last week to turn in the OCF budget request
for 1995-96 ASUC funding.  The OCF's ASUC Mid-Year Report was also submitted
last Friday.  The budget request is being reviewed by the ASUC Office of
Student Affairs this week and will go before the ASUC Senate's Financial
Committee next week.  

<p>

Jennifer also arranged to get the OCF office's second phone line
disconnected.  Marco asked if it was okay to start publicizing the remaining
phone number (643-0700) to the OCF's office.  Jennifer said she saw no
problem with that.  The office currently contains a Sun 3/50, two Sun
monitors, two Eagle hard disks, a VT100 terminal, 3 telephones, 2 1200 baud
modems, and parts for the OCF's Stellar computer.

<h3><A NAME="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A></h3>

David Shih reported that highlights of the last week included rebooting
monsoon and plague to fix account registry problems and holding a small
meeting of staff members with root priveledges.  There has also been some
discussion over how the OCF can utilize its Sun computers.

<h3><A Name="#EJC Report">EJC Report</A></h3>

Saar was not present to give an EJC report (but the EJC did not hold a
general meeting this week for him to report on anyway).


<h3><A Name="#General Discussion">Other Business & General Discussion</A></h3>

Kenji mentioned that the OCF hardware being stored in the Statistics
department should be moved soon because it's been over a year since we told
them it would only be there 2-3 months.

<p>

Tara asked about the mail Andrew Swan had forwarded to the Board mailing
list.  A user from netcom was complaining that an OCF user was harassing
them by posting "Blah, Blah, Blah, Blah. Ad Naseum!" as a followup to their
ads in a newsgroup.  Alan said that this same netcom user had earlier
threatened to sue the OCF for libel over statements in the newsgroups, but
had backed down when the OCF user agreed to cancel the offending posting.
The board decided that the article being complained about didn't sound much
like harassment, and that we wouldn't take any action against our user at
this time.

<p>

Amee reported that she got the Sparc IPC the OCF loaned her to boot under
SunOS 4, but the current development version of BSD/OS for the Sparc won't
boot on that PROM revision level yet (but it should be fixed to do so later
this week, possibly even later that night).  She also said she needs a
currently registered student to help her talk to IS&T's software licensing
people about arranging a campus site license with BSDI.

<p>

Marco told the board that the campus holds a site license for Solaris 2.4
for Sparcs, but not for x86's -- however, they will consider a license if
they get enough requests for one.

<p>

Kenji reported that the OCF now has a 32 meg SBUS memory card so that our
Sparc 2 can be expanded to 96 megs of RAM.

<p>

Marco told the board that he and Norby plan to have a Sparc2 running by
Wednesday as a ftp/gopher/www/print server for the OCF.

<p>

Jennifer mentioned that the OCF budget will be considered by FiComm sometime
between March 6 and 10.  While preparing the budget request, she had to list
all the donations the OCF has recieved since last summer, which came out to
just over $20,000 worth of used computer hardware.

<p>

Tara asked if the OCF was still planning on doing user reregistration soon.
Alan reported that of the four people who had started working on software,
no one had a finished, working program yet, but Tom Waung & Ari Zilka had
volunteered to take over the software and hope to have something done in the
next couple of weeks.

<p>

Jennifer announced there will be a General Meeting on March 14, 1995 at 7 pm
in Sibley Auditorium.  She asked if there was any pressing business for the
OCF to discuss next week since we don't have a room reserved for it, due to
the ILP conference.  The board members couldn't think of any, so there will
be no board meeting next week.

<p>


The meeting was closed at 8:10 pm.  The next meeting will be Tuesday,
March 14, 1995 in Sibley Auditorium (2nd Floor of Bechtel Hall) at 7 pm.

</body></html>
