
                           OPEN COMPUTING FACILITY
                                       
                              BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                                       
Minutes of the February 21, 1995 Meeting

  AGENDA
     * Announcements
     * General Manager Report
          + Budget Request for New Machines
     * Site Manager Report
     * EJC Report
     * Other Business & General Discussion
       
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
  ATTENDANCE
  
   Board Members Present:
          
          + Erik Agee <agee>
          + Tara Bloyd <tabloyd>
          + Nevin Cheung <nevman>
          + Alan Coopersmith <alanc>
          + Kenji Hubbard <kenji>
          + ShaColby Jackson <shac>
          + Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky>
          + David C. Lee <lcddave>
          + Erik Muller <erikm>
          + Marco Nicosia <marco>
          + Peter Norby <norby>
          + Tracy Scott <trscott>
          + David Shih <shyguy> [Site Manager]
          + Jennifer Snider <jenni> [General Manager]
            
   Others Present:
          
          + Amy Baron <amee>
          + Andrei Cogan <coganman>
          + Eric Lee <leeep>
          + Steve Martinot <marto>
          + ERic Mehlhaff <mehlhaff>
          + Tony Monroe <tmonroe>
          + Andrei Moutchkine <muchandr>
          + Saar Picker <saarp>
          + Andrew Swan <aswan>
          + Rachel Yotter <raytrace>
            
   Members Absent:
          
          + Chris Williams <clw>
            
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
   The meeting was opened at 7:11 pm in 120 Bechtel by Jennifer.
   
  ANNOUNCEMENTS
  
   The OCF last week received a donation of 2 apollo workstations from
   Neuron Data, thanks to Neuron Data employee and former OCF staff member
   Doug Simpkinson. These included a 660 megabyte and a 330 megabyte hard
   disk and 24 megabytes of RAM to be installed in the current OCF machines,
   and the DN 4500 motherboard has been used to upgrade planecrash which was
   previously a 3500.
   
   Jennifer announced that Saar volunteered to be the OCF's representative
   to the Engineering Joint Council last week and has been appointed to that
   position to replace Nevin, who resigned.
   
  GENERAL MANAGER REPORT
  
   Jennifer will be going to Eshleman this week to get our second phone line
   in the OCF office turned off and the Mid-Year Report and Budget turned in.
   
   Jennifer then asked for people's reports on the systems the OCF is
   considering purchasing with next year's funding and the remainder of this
   year's.
   
   Kenji reported that a DEC Personal Alpha starter system would cost $4500
   with a small disk, 16 megabytes of RAM, and a color monitor. For another
   $2500 the machine could be expanded to 64 megs RAM. He also reported that
   an IBM RS/6000 C10 with an 80 megahertz PowerPC 601 processor, 32 megs
   RAM, and a 1 gigabyte hard drive would cost approximately $9,000.
   
   Erik Agee reported that he had two quotes for Pentium-based systems.  The
   first was $5,200 for a Pentium 90 with a 4.2 gigabyte disk and 32 megs
   RAM. For an extra $1200 the machine could be upgraded to 64 megs RAM, and
   an ethernet card was $210 extra.
   
   Erik's second quote was also for a Pentium 90 system. This one, from DSI,
   cost $4,600 for a 2.1 gig hard disk, 32 megs RAM, an ethernet card, and a
   2 year on-site warrantty.
   
   Nevin reported that by just grabbing the best prices for each component
   in the copy of Computer Currents he had at the meeting he had put
   together a system that cost $5,709 and that included a Pentium 90, 64
   megs RAM, 5 gigs of disk space, and ethernet support.
   
   Andrew reported that once he convinced the Sun sales rep he wasn't
   interested in a $100,000 Sparc Center, he was quoted $12,000 list for a
   Sun Sparc 20 with 32 megs of RAM and a 530 meg hard disk, but that with
   our 40% off discount, it would cost around $7,000.
   
   Andrei Cogan reported that based on his calculations the OCF would need
   about $7,000-$8,000 worth of used Sparc IPC's and 2's to support all the
   users, and while that included RAM, it didn't account for any disk space
   for the machines.
   
   Amee reported that the campus was offered a free site license for BSD/OS
   in the past, but the University turned it down. She is currently working
   with BSDI to see if this offer still stands. She pointed out that BSD/OS
   has the advantage that it would work both on a Pentium if we bought one
   as well as the Sparcs we already have (once the Sparc version of BSD/OS
   comes out this spring that is).
   
   Marco argued that the only two solutions we could afford were new
   Pentiums or used Sparcs. He summarized the arguments for and against
   those two platforms as follows:
   
     Pentiums
     --------     
      Pro's:   + Can afford new hardware
               + A lot of power in one machine
               + easy to get replacement parts
               + staff members have experience with PC hardware

      Con's:   - more expensive
               - lower quality hardware
                 
     Sparcs
     ------
          
      Pro's:   + Cheaper
               + Power spread around multiple machines
               + good quality hardware
               + "It's like a Mac - just plug in hardware and it works."
                 
      Con's:   - Used hardware
	       - Harder time finding replacement parts

   It was decided that since the actual system did not need to be specified
   in the budget request, we would go ahead with our request of $11,000 and
   continue collecting information to decide which system we will spend it
   on.
            
  SITE MANAGER REPORT
  
   David Shih reported that highlights of the last week included
   installing the new 660 meg drive from Neuron Data into flood for
   accounts to be stored on, and adding people to staff. Staff still has
   the 330 meg hard drive from Neuron Data to install in the coming week.
   
  EJC REPORT
  
   Saar reported that the major topics this week were turning in budget
   requests (which the OCF does not need to do since we get no funding
   from EJC anymore) and Engineer's Week. There are still open booths for
   E-week if the OCF wants one. He also reported that he rolled a score
   of 78 while bowling with the other EJC people.
   
   Jennifer reported that she talked to Kiran, the person in charge of
   allocating space in the EJC office, about our desk there. Since the
   space is supposed to be for groups that can't get their own offices
   elsewhere, they'd like us to give up our desk in 220 Bechtel now that
   we have office space in Eshleman. Since we only use our desk for
   storage and we have enough space in the Eshleman office to store
   everything that's currently in Bechtel, this will not pose a hardship
   to the OCF. The Board voted 13-0 in favor of giving up our desk in the
   EJC office as soon as we get the contents moved to Eshleman.
   
   The meeting was closed at 8:45 pm. The next meeting will be Tuesday,
   February 28, 1995 in 120A Bechtel at 7 pm.
