<html><head>
<title>Minutes of the OCF General Meeting of March 14, 1995</title>
</head><body>
<h1><A HREF="http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/OCF/">Open Computing Facility</A></h1>
<h2>Minutes of the March 14, 1995 General Meeting</h2>

<h3>Agenda</h3>

<ul>
<li><A HREF="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#EJC Report">EJC Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#General Discussion">Other Business & General Discussion</A>
</ul>

<hr>

<h3>Attendance</h3>
<dl>
<dt>Active Members Present:
<dd><ul>
	<li>Erik Agee &lt;agee&gt;
	<li>Alan Coopersmith &lt;alanc&gt;
	<li>Kenji Hubbard &lt;kenji&gt;
	<li>ShaColby Jackson &lt;shac&gt;
	<li>Karl-Eric Johnsen &lt;joke&gt;
	<li>Michael Kaminsky &lt;kaminsky&gt;
	<li>Cornel Lee &lt;cornel&gt;
	<li>Andrei Moutchkine &lt;muchandr&gt;
	<li>Erik Muller &lt;erikm&gt;
	<li>Saar Picker &lt;saarp&gt;
	<li>David Shih &lt;shyguy&gt; [Site Manager]
	<li>Jennifer Snider &lt;jenni&gt; [General Manager]
	<li>Thomas Waung &lt;twaung&gt;
</ul>
<dt>Others Present:
<dd><i>None.</i>
</dl>
<hr>

The meeting was called to order at 7:25 pm in Sibley Auditorium by Jennifer.
<p>

<h3><A NAME="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A></h3>

Jennifer reported that Nevin forwarded to the Board e-mail list information
on a grant program from a Business School class for small non-profit
organizations.  It was unclear from the information though how much of the
$10,000 total money the OCF could recieve.

<p>

Jennifer also mentioned that the OCF's budget request for next year was
turned in two weeks ago, but the ASUC Finance Committee hearings on the
budget requests were delayed until April by the new elections schedule.
Also, the second line in our Eshelman office is supposed to be disconnected
soon, which should lower our current phone bills.

<h3><A NAME="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A></h3>

David reported that new accounts were still being created on a regular basis.
He also discussed a proposed plan to put all disk quota violators on one
disk so that when they fill the disk and crash the server, they don't affect
users who are behaving themselves.

<h3><A Name="#EJC Report">Engineering Joint Council Report</A></h3>

Saar reported that the EJC has many social activities we can participate in
if we choose to, as well as fundraising opportunities when Cal Day happens
on April 28.  They would also like us to clean out our Bechtel desk soon so
that the Space Sciences Group can have it.  


<h3><A Name="#General Discussion">Other Business & General Discussion</A></h3>

Jennifer asked Ari to report on the status of reregistration software.  Ari
said the server was still in progress and the client side was partially done.
He and Tom expect to have something ready to run by next week, but they want
to make sure they do it right.

<p>

Jennifer reminded the members of the Disk Management Board that they should
respond to requests within 72 hours and mentioned that since no one can find
the rules under which the DMB operates, she'd like to rewrite them at next
week's board meeting.

<p>

David reported that the Sparc 2 Marco Nicosia and Peter Norby promised to
set up two weeks ago was not up yet, but was ready to go as soon as the name
("famine.berkeley.edu") was registered by DCNS.  It was asked what the
machine was going to be used for.  Alan said that he thought it was going to
be a print, ftp, gopher, and www server, but that neither Marco nor Peter
had contacted the people in charge of the ftp, gopher, or www servers to
discuss moving them over to the new machine.

<p>


The meeting was closed at 7:50 pm.  The next Board of Directors meeting will
be Tuesday, March 21, 1995 in 120a Bechtel at 7 pm.

</body></html>
