<html><head>
<title>Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting of March 21, 1995</title>
</head><body>
<h1><A HREF="http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/OCF/">Open Computing Facility</A></h1>
<h1>Board of Directors</h1>
<h2>Minutes of the March 21, 1995 Meeting</h2>

<h3>Agenda</h3>

<ul>
<li><A HREF="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#EJC Report">EJC Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#Elections">Election of New Board Members</A>
<li><A HREF="#General Discussion">Other Business & General Discussion</A>
</ul>

<hr>

<h3>Attendance</h3>
<dl>
<dt>Board Members Present:
<dd><i>(8 of the 16 members attended, not enough to achieve a 2/3'rds quorom.)</i>
<ul>
	<li>Erik Agee &lt;agee&gt;
	<li>Tara Bloyd &lt;tabloyd&gt;
	<li>Alan Coopersmith &lt;alanc&gt;
	<li>Kenji Hubbard &lt;kenji&gt;
	<li>David C. Lee &lt;lcddave&gt;
	<li>David Shih &lt;shyguy&gt; [Site Manager]
	<li>Jennifer Snider &lt;jenni&gt; [General Manager]
	<li>Thomas Waung &lt;twaung&gt;
	<li>Chris Williams &lt;clw&gt;
</ul>
<dt>Others Present:
<dd><ul>
	<li>Saar Picker &lt;saarp&gt;
</ul>
<dt>Members Absent:
<dd><i>(All on first consecutive absence and will be dropped from the Board
	if they miss the next meeting.)</i>
<ul>
	<li>Nevin Cheung &lt;nevman&gt;
	<li>ShaColby Jackson &lt;shac&gt;
	<li>Michael Kaminsky &lt;kaminsky&gt;
	<li>Erik Muller &lt;erikm&gt;
	<li>Peter Norby &lt;norby&gt;
	<li>Tracy Scott &lt;trscott&gt;
	<li>Rachel Yotter &lt;raytrace&gt;
</ul>
</dl>
<hr>

The meeting was called to order at 7:15 pm in 120a Bechtel by Jennifer.

<p>

<h3><A NAME="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A></h3>

Jennifer announced the OCF's budget request for next year would be discussed
by the ASUC Senate Finance Committee the week after Spring Break and we should
know their preliminary decision by April 7.  After that we will have a chance
to appeal before the final committee decision is put up before the ASUC Senate.

<p>

Jennifer also reported that she met with Katherine Hartsell, the campus sales
representative, for Sun during a "walk-around" Sun reps held on campus last
week.  Ms. Hartsell asked for a list of serial numbers of the Sun 3 servers
the OCF has to look into possible trade-ins for the OCF.

<p>

Jennifer then told the Board that another Sparc 2 was donated to the OCF
last week, and she is working on getting an Apollo DN 4500 with a
motherboard, keyboard, color monitor and disk controller (but no RAM or
disk) donated.  Also on the way are a donation of a pair of 300 Meg SCSI
disks and possibly a Sun 4/300 and Sun 4/470 with a CD-ROM drive, 8mm tape
drive, and 32 megs of RAM.

<p>

<h3><A NAME="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A></h3>

David Shih asked the Board if they intended to have the OCF Sparcs be a
second site, or under his jurisdiction.  The general feeling of the board
members present was that since the Sparcs are mostly going to be
supplementing and possibly integrating with the current site, we should
leave them as part of it instead of splitting them off.  David said he
would then start implementing a proposal he had recieved from Ari to
organize a group in charge of setting up the Sparcs soon.

<h3><A Name="#EJC Report">EJC Report</A></h3>

Saar reported there was no EJC meeting for him to report on, and the next one
was the week after Spring Break.

<h3><A NAME="Elections">Election of New Board Members</A></h3>

Saar would like to be added to the Board, but since the Board did not have
quorom at this meeting, we could not vote to add him.

<h3><A Name="#General Discussion">Other Business & General Discussion</A></h3>

Tom reported that reregistration software was still under development and
that they planned to have a beta version ready for testing before Spring
Break so we could begin reregistration after Spring Break.

<p>

Jennifer was asked about the mail she had sent the BoD about 
<A HREF="http://server.berkeley.edu:80/asuc/senate/bills-passed/1995-Spring/sb-59.txt">ASUC Senate
Bill 59</A> setting policies for the Eshleman Hall network.  Jennifer said
Senator Ryan Hamilton had offered to introduce a bill containing
clarifications the OCF wanted.  The board members expressed their concern
over the portions giving the Executive Vice President "complete and
unimpeded access" to all hardware connected to the network and the
acceptable uses list, and how they relate to the OCF putting a machine in
our Eshleman office.

<p>

Jennifer asked the board if there were any objections to deleting the
<tt>bod-only@ocf</tt> mailing list, since the Board should have no secrets
from interested users, except for issues too sensitive to discuss over
e-mail anyway.  No one had any objections.

<p> 

Since the Board did not achieve quorom, decisions on changing the Electronic
Voting Bylaws and setting Disk Usage Management Board policy were tabled
until the next meeting.  Even though we could not vote on setting a policy,
the Board discussed the history of the D.U.M.B.  Chris said the D.U.M.B. was
originally charged with defining how it operates and maintaining a log of
it's decisions for future members to use as precedents.  However, no log
exists, but certain things have been set via oral tradition, such as the
requirement that D.U.M.B. members get quota waivers from the Board, the rule
that quota waivers must be for a limited amount of disk space and time, and
that quota waivers should be "for worthy projects that benefit the OCF"
(although exactly what that means is unclear, and it is not absolutely
required).  Jennifer said she'd like to see these things written down,
either by the D.U.M.B. or the Board.

<p>

Chris expressed concern over storing user's student ID's online during and
after reregistration.  Tom said they would be only accesible to staff
members with root access and would not be stored in an easily accessible
format, possibly even encrypted.  Chris asked why we needed to keep the
information anyway.  Tom and Alan said that the information could be used to
check student status more easily in the future, to help ensure students don't
get multiple accounts, and to help find which student was the actual owner
of an account when multiple students have the same name.  Chris said he was
not sure the benefits outweighed the risks of keeping senstive information
on a system thousands of users have access to.

<p>

The meeting was closed at 8:23 pm.  The next meeting will be Tuesday,
April 4, 1995 in 120a Bechtel Hall at 7 pm.

</body></html>
