
                           OPEN COMPUTING FACILITY
                                       
                              BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                                       
Minutes of the March 21, 1995 Meeting

  AGENDA
     * General Manager Report
     * Site Manager Report
     * EJC Report
     * Election of New Board Members
     * Other Business & General Discussion
       
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
  ATTENDANCE
  
   Board Members Present:
          (8 of the 16 members attended, not enough to achieve a 2/3'rds
          quorom.)
          
          + Erik Agee <agee>
          + Tara Bloyd <tabloyd>
          + Alan Coopersmith <alanc>
          + Kenji Hubbard <kenji>
          + David C. Lee <lcddave>
          + David Shih <shyguy> [Site Manager]
          + Jennifer Snider <jenni> [General Manager]
          + Thomas Waung <twaung>
          + Chris Williams <clw>
            
   Others Present:
          
          + Saar Picker <saarp>
            
   Members Absent:
          (All on first consecutive absence and will be dropped from the
          Board if they miss the next meeting.)
          
          + Nevin Cheung <nevman>
          + ShaColby Jackson <shac>
          + Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky>
          + Erik Muller <erikm>
          + Peter Norby <norby>
          + Tracy Scott <trscott>
          + Rachel Yotter <raytrace>
            
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
   The meeting was called to order at 7:15 pm in 120a Bechtel by
   Jennifer.
   
  GENERAL MANAGER REPORT
  
   Jennifer announced the OCF's budget request for next year would be
   discussed by the ASUC Senate Finance Committee the week after Spring
   Break and we should know their preliminary decision by April 7. After
   that we will have a chance to appeal before the final committee
   decision is put up before the ASUC Senate.
   
   Jennifer also reported that she met with Katherine Hartsell, the
   campus sales representative, for Sun during a "walk-around" Sun reps
   held on campus last week. Ms. Hartsell asked for a list of serial
   numbers of the Sun 3 servers the OCF has to look into possible
   trade-ins for the OCF.
   
   Jennifer then told the Board that another Sparc 2 was donated to the
   OCF last week, and she is working on getting an Apollo DN 4500 with a
   motherboard, keyboard, color monitor and disk controller (but no RAM
   or disk) donated. Also on the way are a donation of a pair of 300 Meg
   SCSI disks and possibly a Sun 4/300 and Sun 4/470 with a CD-ROM drive,
   8mm tape drive, and 32 megs of RAM.
   
  SITE MANAGER REPORT
  
   David Shih asked the Board if they intended to have the OCF Sparcs be
   a second site, or under his jurisdiction. The general feeling of the
   board members present was that since the Sparcs are mostly going to be
   supplementing and possibly integrating with the current site, we
   should leave them as part of it instead of splitting them off. David
   said he would then start implementing a proposal he had recieved from
   Ari to organize a group in charge of setting up the Sparcs soon.
   
  EJC REPORT
  
   Saar reported there was no EJC meeting for him to report on, and the
   next one was the week after Spring Break.
   
  ELECTION OF NEW BOARD MEMBERS
  
   Saar would like to be added to the Board, but since the Board did not
   have quorom at this meeting, we could not vote to add him.
   
  OTHER BUSINESS & GENERAL DISCUSSION
  
   Tom reported that reregistration software was still under development
   and that they planned to have a beta version ready for testing before
   Spring Break so we could begin reregistration after Spring Break.
   
   Jennifer was asked about the mail she had sent the BoD about ASUC
   Senate Bill 59 setting policies for the Eshleman Hall network.
   Jennifer said Senator Ryan Hamilton had offered to introduce a bill
   containing clarifications the OCF wanted. The board members expressed
   their concern over the portions giving the Executive Vice President
   "complete and unimpeded access" to all hardware connected to the
   network and the acceptable uses list, and how they relate to the OCF
   putting a machine in our Eshleman office.
   
   Jennifer asked the board if there were any objections to deleting the
   bod-only@ocf mailing list, since the Board should have no secrets from
   interested users, except for issues too sensitive to discuss over
   e-mail anyway. No one had any objections.
   
   Since the Board did not achieve quorom, decisions on changing the
   Electronic Voting Bylaws and setting Disk Usage Management Board
   policy were tabled until the next meeting. Even though we could not
   vote on setting a policy, the Board discussed the history of the
   D.U.M.B. Chris said the D.U.M.B. was originally charged with defining
   how it operates and maintaining a log of it's decisions for future
   members to use as precedents. However, no log exists, but certain
   things have been set via oral tradition, such as the requirement that
   D.U.M.B. members get quota waivers from the Board, the rule that quota
   waivers must be for a limited amount of disk space and time, and that
   quota waivers should be "for worthy projects that benefit the OCF"
   (although exactly what that means is unclear, and it is not absolutely
   required). Jennifer said she'd like to see these things written down,
   either by the D.U.M.B. or the Board.
   
   Chris expressed concern over storing user's student ID's online during
   and after reregistration. Tom said they would be only accesible to
   staff members with root access and would not be stored in an easily
   accessible format, possibly even encrypted. Chris asked why we needed
   to keep the information anyway. Tom and Alan said that the information
   could be used to check student status more easily in the future, to
   help ensure students don't get multiple accounts, and to help find
   which student was the actual owner of an account when multiple
   students have the same name. Chris said he was not sure the benefits
   outweighed the risks of keeping senstive information on a system
   thousands of users have access to.
   
   The meeting was closed at 8:23 pm. The next meeting will be Tuesday,
   April 4, 1995 in 120a Bechtel Hall at 7 pm.
