
                           OPEN COMPUTING FACILITY
                                       
                              BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                                       
Minutes of April 4, 1995 Meeting

  AGENDA
     * Old Business
     * General Manager Report
     * Site Manager Report
     * Sparc Manager Report
     * EJC Report
     * Other Business & General Discussion
     * Election of New Board Members
       
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
  ATTENDANCE
  
   Board Members Present:
          (11 of the 16 members attended, so a quorom was achieved.)
          
          + Erik Agee <agee>
          + Alan Coopersmith <alanc>
          + Kenji Hubbard <kenji>
          + ShaColby Jackson <shac>
          + Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky>
          + Erik Muller <erikm>
          + Tracy Scott <trscott>
          + David Shih <shyguy> [Site Manager]
          + Jennifer Snider <jenni> [General Manager]
          + Thomas Waung <twaung>
          + Chris Williams <clw>
            
   Others Present:
          
          + Amee Baron <amee>
          + Saar Picker <saarp>
          + Andrew Swan <aswan>
            
   Members Absent:
          Those on their first consecutive absence and who will be
          dropped from the Board if they miss the next meeting:
          
          + Tara Bloyd <tabloyd>
          + David C. Lee <lcddave>
            
          Those on their second consecutive absence and who are
          automatically dropped from the board for missing this meeting:
          
          + Nevin Cheung <nevman>
          + Peter Norby <norby>
          + Rachel Yotter <raytrace>
            
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
   The meeting was called to order at 7:11 pm in 120a Bechtel by
   Jennifer.
   
  OLD BUSINESS
  
   Discussion of writing down Disk Management Board policies was tabled
   at the last meeting. Jennifer asked Chris to give a brief recap of the
   history he gave at last week's meeting. Chris said the criteria for
   disk quota waivers have always been loosely defined, but waivers were
   supposed to somehow be for the ``good of the OCF'' and the DMB was to
   set its own precedents for later DMB incarnations to refer to, with
   the provision that the Board of Directors could always override any
   DMB decision. Andrew asked if Chris would be willing to write up a
   proposal for a written policy for next week's board meeting. Chris
   agreed to so the issue was tabled for another week.
   
   Also tabled last week was discussion of rewriting OCF Bylaw #5
   regarding electronic voting. The bylaw was actually used recently and
   was found to be unclear as to how many votes a measure needed to pass
   and how approval for an electronic vote was to be obtained. Jennifer
   mentioned that Partha sent e-mail suggesting electronic votes only be
   called for in emergencies. Saar suggested requiring the Site Manager
   or General Manager to call for an e-vote to make sure they are only
   called for pressing issues. Andrew said he thought they should not be
   called for on controversial issues when the Board has not had a chance
   to hold a discussion on the matter. Michael pointed out that e-voting
   could be useful over summer and at other times when people can't all
   get together to vote in person. Chris said there should be a delay to
   provide a chance for discussion before voting. Alan suggested allowing
   72 hours to change a vote in case ongoing discussion changed a voter's
   mind. Erik Muller was volunteered to write up a proposal for a revised
   bylaw based on the general consensus of the board's opinions and to
   present it at next week's meeting.
   
  GENERAL MANAGER REPORT
  
   Jennifer announced that even though preliminary awards for next years
   budget are supposed to be released by Friday, the Fi-Comm hearings
   schedule is not yet posted.
   
   She reported that she and Alan picked up a Sun SparcServer 4/330 with
   a 330 M hard disk and 32 M memory and 2 extra 330 M hard disks last
   week that were donated to the OCF by NEC, thanks to Ken Emery. He also
   has a Sun SparcServer 4/470 with two 900 M IPI drives for us once the
   replacement machine for it arrives.
   
   Jennifer told the Board that the OCF spent around $40 during Spring
   Break to buy supplies for ``Spring Cleaning'' and tools and locks for
   the Sparcs.
   
   Jennifer said she had contacted O'Reilley and Assoc. about their
   ``Book Recycling'' program to donate books to non-profit
   organizations. They charge $100 for shipping and handling of the
   otherwise free books, so she asked the board if they thought the OCF
   should spend money to do this and set up a library in the OCF office.
   Andrew thought it was not a good idea since it would duplicate the
   services already provided by the CSUA & UCSEE libraries. Michael asked
   if many students knew about those libraries. Kenji said he thought
   more people could use an OCF library than the CSUA or UCSEE ones. Alan
   pointed out that the OCF Library would probably have a different
   selection of books than the CSUA library, and would cater more towards
   beginner books than technical Computer Science books. The board voted
   11-0 to spend $100 for shipping and handling of O'Reilley Books.
   
   Jennifer said the Sparc Managers were also requesting money. Kenji
   explained they would need disks for storing mail. software, etc. and
   all they have are old, slow, mail disks. Amee pointed out that it
   would be better to use multiple disks to help balance the load. Andrew
   said their first goal was to get a mail server running on the Sparcs
   since plague is completely overloaded now. Kenji added that they need
   to worry about security early, and they plan to work on gopher/ftp/www
   after mail. David Shih expressed the concern that he didn't want us to
   buy too much too soon. Kenji & Andrew agreed, but said they need to
   get disk space before they can get started. Tom Waung pointed out that
   mail currently takes 460 megs of disk space on plague and that it is
   always growing and overflowing plague's disk.
   
   Kenji said that 1 gig disks cost about $450-$550 and 2 gig disks cost
   $800-$1000. Andrew suggested buying one of each size. Kenji said he
   thought they should buy three disks, either three 1 gigs or two 1 gigs
   and a 2 gig. After some discussion, the board agreed to allocate up to
   $2000 to buy two 1 gig disks and one 2 gig disk.
   
   Jennifer then mentioned the OCF needed to buy toner cartridges for the
   new HP printer. She had Kenji get price quotes, and the best price he
   had found was $100/each by mail order. The board voted 11-0 to spend
   up to $250 to buy two new printer cartridges.
   
   Jennifer reported that after her meeting with Katherine Hartsell from
   Sun, she received an offer of 3 Sun Sparc IPX's with 16 megs RAM, 500
   meg hard disks, and color monitors for $8000. Jennifer said this offer
   did not appear to include the trade-in value of our Sun 3 servers.
   
  SITE MANAGER REPORT
  
   David Shih reported that Plague has once again been having problems
   keeping up with the load of delivering mail. He also told the board
   that staff held a ``Spring Cleaning'' over Spring Break and completely
   cleaned out tons of dust from inside the computers. A complete
   inventory of the Apollo hardware was also taken at this time.
   
  SPARC MANAGER REPORT
  
   Kenji & Andrew invited people interested in helping set up the OCF's
   Sparcs to come to an organizing meeting Wednesday evening at 7 pm.
   
   Amee reported that she has had problems reaching Rob Kolstad, and so
   has no firm answer on getting a BSDI license donated. However, if we
   loan some of our Sparcs to Chris Torek to test BSD/OS-Sparc on, then
   she feels BSDI is likely to donate a license in return.
   
  EJC REPORT
  
   Saar reported that EJC officer nominations are currently taking place
   and elections are coming soon. Also open soon are nomations for
   student positions on College of Engineering committees.
   
  OTHER BUSINESS & GENERAL DISCUSSION
  
   Tom said he can't find Ari so has no idea what's happening with
   reregistration software.
   
  ELECTION OF NEW BOARD MEMBERS
  
   Saar asked to join to the Board of Directors and was added by a
   unanimous vote of the Board.
   
   The meeting was closed at 8:49 pm. The next meeting will be Tuesday,
   April 11, 1995 in 120a Bechtel Hall at 7 pm.
     _________________________________________________________________
   
    Respectfully submitted,
    
    Alan Coopersmith, OCF Secretary
