<html><head>
<title>Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting of April 18, 1995</title>
</head><body>
<h1 align=center><A HREF="http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/OCF/">Open Computing Facility</A></h1>
<h1 align=center>Board of Directors</h1>
<h2 align=center>Minutes of April 18, 1995 Meeting</h2>

<h3>Agenda</h3>

<ul>
<li><A HREF="#Announcements">Announcements</A>
<li><A HREF="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#EJC Report">EJC Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#Sparc Manager Report">Sparc Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A>
<li><A HREF="#General Discussion">Other Business & General Discussion</A>
</ul>

<hr>

<h3>Attendance</h3>
<dl>
<dt>Board Members Present:
<dd><i>(11 of the 13 members attended, so a quorom was achieved.)</i>
<ul>
	<li>Erik Agee &lt;agee&gt;
	<li>Alan Coopersmith &lt;alanc&gt; [Secretary]
	<li>Kenji Hubbard &lt;kenji&gt;
	<li>Michael Kaminsky &lt;kaminsky&gt;
	<li>David C. Lee &lt;lcddave&gt;
	<li>Erik Muller &lt;erikm&gt;
	<li>Saar Picker &lt;saarp&gt;
	<li>David Shih &lt;shyguy&gt; [Site Manager]
	<li>Jennifer Snider &lt;jenni&gt; [General Manager]
	<li>Thomas Waung &lt;twaung&gt;
	<li>Chris Williams &lt;clw&gt;
</ul>
<dt>Others Present:
<dd><ul>
	<li>Peter Mardahl &lt;peterm&gt;
	<li>Andrew Swan &lt;aswan&gt;
</ul>
<dt>Members Absent:
<dd><i>Those on their second consecutive absence and who are automatically 
	dropped from the board for missing this meeting:</i>
<ul>
	<li>ShaColby Jackson &lt;shac&gt;
	<li>Tracy Scott &lt;trscott&gt;
</ul>
</dl>
<hr>

The meeting was called to order at 7:15 pm in 120a Bechtel by Jennifer.

<p>

<h3><A NAME="#Announcements">Announcements</A></h3>

Jennifer announced that the OCF Secretary was a klutz for dropping scissors
point first on her foot.  The secretary apologized and tried to make up for
it by announcing it was the General Manager's birthday on Thursday and
producing a cake in recognition of the event.  He however, then proceeded to
torture the GM by making her listen to the Board attempt to sing ``Happy
Birthday'' to her.

<p>

<h3><A NAME="#General Manager Report">General Manager Report</A></h3>

Jennifer reported that recent arrivals in the OCF's Eshleman mail box
included an ad addressed to Marco for International House Catering services,
a flyer addressed to Nevin for a workshop on ``Empowerment of Women of
Color,'' and a memo from Matt Dundon regarding the progress of the ASUC
budget process, information on the upcoming office space assignment
process, the due date for the year-end progress report, and an annoucement
of his planned retirement as ASUC SISG coordinator.

<p>

Jennifer also told the Board that Kenji & Alan would like to have the OCF
buy some Apollo manuals soon, but need to get prices for them still.  She
then pointed a large, cake-encrusted knife at the secretary and told him
to get caught up on the minutes soon.  He promised to do so RSN.

<h3><A Name="#EJC Report">EJC Report</A></h3>

Saar reported that the EJC now has it's very own World Wide Web page.
EJC held elections at its last meeting and Saar was elected Secretary
for next year.

<h3><A NAME="#Sparc Manager Report">Sparc Manager Report</A></h3>

Kenji said ``Kenji and Andrew suck.  End of report.'' When asked for further
detail, he and Andrew said their long range plans are to have a sparc up and
ready for logins sometime over the summer.  They have met twice in the last
two weeks with the staffers helping set things up, but don't plan to meet
this week.  Anyone who wants to help with the sparcs who hasn't attended a
meeting should send mail to sparc-managers@ocf.  Kenji said they could also
contact him at ``Kenji, Kenji, and Kenji - A Professional Twink
Corporation.''


<P>

The two 1.0 gigabyte drives ended up costing $1145 for good quality IBM
drives.  Kenji asked the board for an additional $250 to buy the remaining
2.0 gig drive the board authorized, since the remainder of the original
$2000 allocation would not be enough to cover it.  The board voted
unanimously to allocate another $250.

<h3><A NAME="#Site Manager Report">Site Manager Report</A></h3>

David Shih told the board he was not sure yet if he was going to be around
to serve as Site Manager over the summer.


<h3><A Name="#General Discussion">Other Business & General Discussion</A></h3>

Jennifer reminded the board that there was a General Meeting next week, on
Tuesday, April 25.

<p>

Erik Muller presented the proposed revision to the electronic voting Bylaw
he had been asked to write.  His proposal was to change this:

<blockquote>
5.   Resolutions by the Board of Directors can be put  to  a
     vote  electronically.  When putting a resolution to the
     Board  in  this  manner,  all  Board  members  must  be
     included  in  the  request for votes.  To pass an issue
     this way, at least half of all the Board  members  must
     agree.   If  the  motion  fails  to  achieve a majority
     within seventy-two hours of  being  called  to  such  a
     vote,  the  motion fails.  The results of the vote will
     be posted in role call form.
</blockquote>

to this:

<blockquote>
5.   The Board  of  Directors  may  vote  electronically on
     matters of immediate importance.  When putting a resolution to the
     Board in this manner, all Board members must be included in the request
     for votes.  To pass a resolution, at least half of all the Board
     members must agree within seventy-two hours.  Within forty-eight hours
     of the request for electronic voting, any board member may vote to
     postpone the matter until the next regular Board meeting for further
     discussion.  If the motion fails to achieve a majority of the Board
     within seventy-two hours of being called to such a vote, the motion
     fails.  The results of the vote will be recorded by the Secretary and
     posted in roll call form.
</blockquote>

<p>
The board discussed Erik's proposal and decided to rewrite it as this:

<blockquote>
5.   The Board  of  Directors  may  vote  electronically  on
     matters of immediate importance.  When putting a resolution to the
     Board in this manner, all Board members must be included in the request
     for votes.  The objection to an electronic vote of any one board member
     within 48 hours of the initial request is sufficient to postpone the
     matter until the next regular Board meeting for further discussion.  If
     the motion fails to achieve a majority of the Board within seventy-two
     hours of being called to such a vote, the motion fails.  The results of
     the vote will be recorded by the Secretary and posted in roll call form.
</blockquote>

<P>
Kenji moved to accept the revised version as the new electronic-voting bylaw.
The board voted 10-0 to approve the change.

<p>

Tom Waung reported that Ari is still working on the user reregistration
software, and is currently shooting for a summer completion date.

<p>

Jennifer reported that Marco Nicosia & Brion Moss moved some of the OCF Sun
3 hardware stored in the XCF office to the CSUA office, but the CSUA has
asked us to find another home for it soon.

<P>
She said that when she spoke to Marco about this matter he asked her why the
Board is not working on his Pentium proposal and said he thought the board
has no vision.  Kenji asked why Marco hadn't told the board this himself.  

<p>
Jennifer said that the people porting NetBSD to Apollos has asked if we could
give them some hardware to help in their porting effort.  While the board
agreed that having an Apollo version of NetBSD would be a good thing for the
OCF, they wanted to know what hardware was needed before agreeing to
anything.

<p> 

Jennifer brought up a complaint the OCF recently received about a user who
was being ``fingered'' by someone on another system that she had obtained a
court order to keep from contacting her.  The user complained she was being
harassed by his fingers and asked the OCF to stop him.  It was pointed out
that while finger can be used to monitor someone's location, it's generally
not a form of communication, any more than just looking someone up in a
phone book is.  The general consensus of the Board was that it wasn't really
any of our business, and that if she wanted to do something she would have
to contact the administrators of the other person's system or whoever was
responsible for enforcing the court order.

<p>

Jennifer reported that an OCF user recently insisted on paying $8 for
printing 150 pages on our printers, and that the OCF had recently bought
compressed air for cleaning the machines.  She was asked if this was helium,
and said that it wasn't, but she could arrange for tanks of nitrous if the
OCF really needed them.  The board couldn't think of any use other than
livening up board meetings, so the matter was dropped.

<p>

The meeting was closed at 8:14 pm.  The general meeting will be Tuesday,
April 25, 1995 in Sibley Auditorium (Second Floor of Bechtel Hall) at 7 pm.


<hr>

<address>
Respectfully submitted,
<p>
Alan Coopersmith, OCF Secretary
</address>

</body></html>
