_______________________________________________________________________________

                            Open Computing Facility

                               Board of Directors

                   Minutes of May 13, 1995 Emergency Meeting

Agenda

   * Year-End Spending
   * Eviction from the WEB

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Attendance

Board Members Present:
     (10 of the 11 members attended, so a quorom was achieved.)
        o Erik Agee <agee>
        o Alan Coopersmith <alanc> [Secretary]
        o Kenji Hubbard <kenji>
        o Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky>
        o David C. Lee <lcddave>
        o Erik Muller <erikm>
        o David Shih <shyguy> [Site Manager]
        o Jennifer Snider <jenni> [General Manager]
        o Thomas Waung <twaung>
        o Chris Williams <clw>
Others Present:
        o Julie Lin <jsl>
        o Tony Monroe <tmonroe>
        o Andrei Moutchkine <muchandr>
Members Absent:
     Since this was not a regularly scheduled meeting, non-attendance does not
     result in being dropped from the board.
        o Saar Picker <saarp>

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The meeting was called to order at 7:25 pm in the Cory Hall Moore Room by
Jennifer.

YEAR-END SPENDING
-----------------

Jennifer presented the board with the following breakdown of the OCF's spending
to date:

 Expenditures:
 LaserJet Printer                $1905.20
 ESDI (Apollo) Hard Disks          470.00
 SCSI (SparcStation) Hard Disks   1145.29
 Printer Supplies (Paper & Toner)  280.33
 Tools & Security Devices           32.48
 Telephone Service                 696.67
 U-Haul Rental                     321.11
 Answering Machine                  75.74
 Key Duplication                     5.07
 O'Reilly Books                     48.00
              Total Expenditures  4970.40
                    ASUC Funding  7210.00
              Unspent ASUC Funds  2239.60
 Allocations:
 Photocopying                      200.00
 2.0 Gig Sparc Disk               1250.00
          Funds left to allocate   789.60

She told the board that in order to get its end of year accounting processed,
the ASUC had moved up the deadline for spending funds to May 26. She reported
that we had not yet gotten an estimate for recovering data from sandstorm's
disk, and that O'Reilley was going to only charge us $48 instead of the earlier
quote of $100 to ship us 3 boxes of books weighing in at approximately 90
pounds total. She pointed out the OCF still needs to get a bookshelf in the
office to store the books. She then asked the board for suggestions on spending
the remaining funds.

Julie asked if we should rent storage space for the computers. The board
thought the remaining funds would not be enough to store all the OCF's
hardware. David Shih asked about buying a tape drive. Tom Waung pointed out
there would probably be some more money left over from the funds allocated to
the 2 gig drive, but thought a tape drive would cost more than we had. Jennifer
said Kenji has agreed to let us borrow his tape drive for now when UCSEE is not
using it and that Keir has a Exabyte tape drive for the OCF as soon as he gets
around to bringing it to Berkeley.

Alan presented a list of Apollo manuals and prices he and Kenji had compiled.
Alan said the manuals were a selection of the ones the OCF does not have that
he thought would be most useful to us - for instance it would have been nice to
have the Account Registry and Network Computing System manuals last week when
both systems were not behaving and many users found themselves unable to login.
The board voted to spend $310 to buy one copy of each manual, and three of the
Registry manual since it was only $6/copy.

Alan moved to give the Sparc Managers the power to spend the OCF's remaining
ASUC funds on RAM, disk, or whatever the Sparcs need to become useful to us.
The motion passed unanimously.

EVICTION FROM THE WEB
---------------------

Jennifer then told the board what happened at the Thursday meeting with the
Assoc. Vice Chancellor of IS&T. She, Marco Nicosia, and OCF Faculty Advisor
Brian Harvey represented the OCF, and IS&T was represented by Assoc. Vice
Chancellor Jack McCredie, Workstations & Microcomputer Facilities Director
Laura Kim, and Workstation Support Services Director Jerry Smith.

McCredie told them they are closing the WEB at the end of Spring Semester
because IS&T doesn't have the funding to keep it open. Dr. Harvey offered to
have the OCF keep it open for them, but McCredie refused. McCredie went on to
say that they are planning to re-equip the WEB with Macintoshes and UNIX
computers to make a ``general access facility'' for instructional use by
departments such as Physics, Math, and Economics. However, the Chancellor's
Campus Computing and Communications Policy Board rejected funding at their
Tuesday meeting. The Chancellor however did not want to see the WEB closed and
asked IS&T to submit a revised proposal. Laura Kim said she was ``very
confident'' their proposal would be approved and that the OCF would have to be
out of the WEB by August 1. IS&T said it cost $300,000 a year to power, staff,
and provide security for the WEB.

McCredie and Smith said they saw several possibilities at this point:

   * IS&T gets full funding from the Chancellor - the OCF is out of the WEB and
     the WEB stays open
   * IS&T gets partial funding from the Chancellor - the OCF stays in the WEB
     and the WEB stays open
   * IS&T gets no funding at this time - the WEB is closed, but the OCF can
     leave computers there for remote access until funding to reopen & re-equip
     the WEB comes through

They recommended assuming the OCF would be out of the WEB on August 1 and said
they had no other space to give us, but would support a request from us to the
Space Allocation and Capital Improvements committee to find a new home
elsewhere on campus. McCredie pointed out that the Chancellor had approved
funding to turn Moffitt into a ``learning library'' and suggested the OCF look
for a home there.

After the meeting, Brian Harvey said it sounded like the OCF was left with two
options -- take on IS&T for the WEB or talk to the Chancellor. Marco said he
knew the Chancellor's wife's secretary and would talk to her about getting to
the Chancellor. Brian said he would be gone much of the summer, but would be
happy to send letters on our behalf while he is abroad.

Kenji asked if anything had been done on talking to the School of Library and
Information Studies. Jennifer said no one had told her yet who was supposedly
talking to them on the OCF's behalf.

Tony asked if the ASUC could provide computer lab or machine room space. Alan
pointed out that the Eshleman offices wouldn't make good computer labs with
their huge windows and lack of ventilation. Jennifer said the ASUC's tiny
machine room is already filled with the ASUC Store and other ASUC business-side
computers.

Michael asked about the possibility of finding space at the Richmond Field
Station. Jennifer responded that the last information she had was that space
was tight out there and departments such as EECS were being asked to move their
stuff to other locations.

Jennifer asked the Board what they wanted to do in response to IS&T's proposal
and eviction notice. The consensus of the board was to write our own proposal
to the chancellor asking him to allow IS&T to re-equip the WEB only if we were
allowed to remain. Chris suggested collecting user signatures to show student
support.

The meeting was closed at 9:30 pm.


Respectfully submitted,

Alan Coopersmith, OCF Secretary
