Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
baisang
chuang
ldw
jvperrin
kpengboy
nikitnainwal
shasan
shichenh
tanx

Guests in attendance:
shikhardhingra
kuoh
christam
mdcha
minos
shaurya
dkessler
kwliu
kevinma
bzhen
ianmcdonald
ethanhs
karentu
asai
trliu
andycui
zdong
slobo
peterwu
mcint
vaibhavj

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 8

Meeting Started at 20:10

Intro:
    Family system introduced this year
	-Should help foster technical prowess among newer members
	-Staff and BOD meetings are distinguished, with BOD being more political/administrative
	-Based on the project teams of last semester
	-"Families" meet every week during Staff meetings, mentor will be an old dude
	    "Families" should have social events outside of the lab
	Sahil: The primary goal is to get something done.
	Brian: Getting people involved in general is just as important.

Families:
    Heads:
	Brian
	    -Co-GM, okay at a lot of things, not good at one particular things. This is good because if you're not sure what you're supposed to do, I can help you find something
	    -Webdev, working with OCF data
	Sahil
	    -Co-GM, lots of smaller projects to be done quickly
	    -e.g. improvements to the OCF website (it looks ugly in his honest opinion)
	Abizer
	    -SM, basically Brian's descrip.
	    -Project: Upgrade network to fiber optics, moving functionality to ocfweb (e.g. labstats)
	BigDaddyPerrin
	    -Puppet stuff, general Python infrastructure of OCF
	    -Major Project: making the Slack bridge to IRC better
	Shichen + Harrison
	    -Shichen 
		-Stats Major (taught Brian)
	        -Some math basic math requisites in his project group
	        -Project: Digesting printing data, SQL, Python, R
	    -Harrison
		-I know nothing
		-I do menial jobs (sticker design, actually not menial)
		-Anything design/art-related

Calapalooza
    2-7pm, we need people to staff the desk
    Google spreadsheet made for half-hour signups
    We're sharing a table with SUPERB or PMC
    
OCF Social
    Next week, it's a social not a LAN
    Food on the club, bring whatever games you want to play

Staff Hours
    Returning staff please use the yaml to set your staffhours tentatively
    Sahil: Make the google spreadsheet

BOD (Consequential Provisions) Act 2017
    Kevin: We are combining officers and BOD meetings, we need to change bylaws
    Gets rid of some BOD requirements, implicit interest in policy is implied by member interest in BOD meetings
    Vote passed.

Stuff to buy
    Spreadsheet is in RT thread
    Anything you want to buy, pls put on list (include reason in case of no-show at BOD vote)
    Mango situation will be figured out in a couple weeks due to dwindling misc. funds

Broken Mice
    Few broken mice, we need people to open them up and clean out gunk
    gleeb volunteers.

Appointments:
    asai to DGM
    dkessler to DSM
    kuoh to DSM

Cleaning:
    Brian: I didn't buy enough cleaning supplies, but some chairs are gross. Actually a lot of chairs are gross.
    
Keycard:
    All with keycard, please fill out OCF guest list when bringing non-staff into the lab after hours
    Any staff without keycard need not be mentioned. 
    Brian: The reason for this is we used to have GPUs, now we don't. For some reasons.
    
ocfroot/
    New guidelines on google docs.

Meeting Adjourned at 21:01

Notetaker: zdong

