Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
abizer
baisang
chuang
jvperrin
kpengboy
ldw
nikitnainwal
shasan
shichenh
tanx

Guests in attendance:
asai*
dkessler*
shaurya*
shikhardhingra*
zdong*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 7

Meeting Started at 19:10

Quick Stuff:
    Need to bring big brother online
    
Staff meeting presentation:
    Make bit.ly for family preference form

Finances:
    Those staff (Britteny and Vincent) in touch with Jenica need to be brought up to speed on OCF finance details
        Need to make a "guiding" document, with links to our resources (Sahil, Andrew, Jason) are on it.

Dissent in BOD:
    Brian: This day was a horrible day for a meeting (MLK closed, Labor Day). No one said anything at BOD until after a decision was made. If higher-ranking staff are incorrect, pls bring up. I won't yell at you like Nick.
    willh: In the OCF, we promote open-source, not open minds.

Guest policy:
    Guests need to be signed in
    Don't throw a rave when someone is studying for MCAT (be considerate)
    OCF staff who do not have keycard need not be signed in.
    Fill out at ocf.io/guest
    Sahil: If you have keycard, you are responsible for everyone who doesn't when you're in the lab

Reminder for Staff hours: do it.

Buy stuff:
    Blue in spreadsheet is purchased.
    Broom--passed
    Duster--passed
    Clock--approved for 3x 1.99 clocks from IKEA (abizer's recommendation)
    Push broom--passed
    2 upholstery brushes--passed

Tech Talks:
    FB:
        Scheduled.
    Yelp:
        bigdaddyperrin pls do.
	Some time in October, best on Mondays b/c of early lab closure

Maintain ASUC relationships:
    We should start getting meetings with senators and other members (Jeniac, Helen, Andrew, etc.) on RT.
	Includes Referendum meeting with Rigel and co.
	    Need a storyboarded plan to show that we're serious
	    Submit next year.
	    We need member-feedback surveys, don't want surprise defeated referendum
	Sunny on FICOM
	    Different philosophy then we're to used to, we don't know if they conflict with our goals
	    Wants to help us with budget though.

	    Abizer: we should find other people to bring to our side on FICOM
	More meetings with Jenny, she gives good advice.
	Pubstaff pillar:
	    As long as they keep updating, BOD is fine with it.
    We need younger staff to go to admin meetings, the elders (brian, sahil, andrew) may be leaving soon.

Meeting Adjourned at 19:47

Notetaker: zdong
