Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
abizer
awelty
baisang
chenvincent
chuang
clhager
jvperrin
kpengboy
kuoh
quincyhuynh
raymondng
shasan
shichenh
tanx

Guests in attendance:
asai*
bzh*
chunhaowang*
dkessler*
ldw*
vaibhavj*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 12

Meeting Started at 19:10

* 6564: Renting out lab in summer, various spaces tasks
Moved to next semester

* 6711: Ask CFO, CTO, CLO about corporate donations
Asked about rules for donations, getting decomissioned Yelp hardware seems pretty easy
jvperrin will ask dmc + his manager

* 6792: New printers
abizer: Reached out to Cartridge Family, contracted for the campus, spoke with campus department
Consider buying from the same place.
$280 for toner, servicing and etc. will be free, 40 hour response time, all handled by the school
baisang: Need to consider regulatory issues, but probably won't be a big deal.
$280 for toner is slightly more expensive but won't need to buy maintenance kits. Will save lots of time for disassembling printers and fixing them.

* 6821: Buy gifts for Jenny, Geoff, Kellsie
abizer: get cupcakes, chocolates, gift cards, coffee, etc. There's a channel for suggestions.
baisang: Allocating ~$100 for all gifts, $25 per person. All agreed.

* 6645: New computer station
minos bought some parts for cheaper

* 6854: Holiday decorations
baisang: $40 for holiday decorations, buy at Daiso
kpengboy, shasan: Might need more money
Allocating $50 for holiday decorations, vote passed
chenvincent will buy

* 6699: Buy stuff
baisang: Buy fake ficus silk tree because the ocf is depressing, $37.59 
abizer: Get stuff for feng shui, can we get an electric ficus?
Vote passed
baisang: Get fake succulents because people killed the real ones, set of 5, $20. Put on opstaff desks and stuff.
shasan: Will people steal them like my water bottle? 
Vote passed
baisang: Get an artificial potted plants, 3 of them, ~$11 each
Vote passed
baisang: Buy whiteout, 12-pack, $9
Vote passed

* 6707: New wallpaper background
jvperrin: Modify it a bit, almost done

* 6831: end-of-semester family review
charles (abizer's family): Was good to read through source code, but everyone was busy and was hard to meet and work on a large project in a group
baisang: Suggestion: Everyone who joins needs to make a specific time, but it's understandable that it gets late if people stays

dkessler (jvperrin's family): Was an improvement from before, there were projects that didn't happen, so maybe push people more?
jvperrin: Don't want to scare people off too much by assigning too much; need more communication (like slack)
dkessler: Suggestion: Have people talk on #rebuild?
shasan: Veterans are not nice to dumb questions, people are scared to ask on #rebuild.
abizer: There's some history and people need knowledge to interact with people/alumni.
baisang: People should be encouraged to discuss on #rebuild, but there shouldn't be too much clutter.
kpengboy: Too much noise on rebuild already (for discussing family projects)
baisang/kpengboy: Lots of people are inactive on slack, which is a problem.
dkessler: People need to be more open about asking questions

kpengboy: Not enough emphasis on staff hours; skills for helping ocf members were not taught (making group accounts, etc)
baisang: Mandatory staff hours? Have every officer handle it. Make eruption a "Ready to answer questions" kind of desk? Needs more discussion, make a new ticket.

6833: Elections
GM nominations:
- Pagefault/papercut
- vacuum
- Sahil
SM nominations:
- Abizer/Jason
- Abizer/Crisis

Vacuum: vroom vroom
Pagefault/papercut: Consuming Korean bbq and popcorn vs faithfully printing? VOTE PRINTERS 2017 (By Harrison)
Sahil: Don't need to carry me to the meetings unlike the printers
Abizer: Vote for Jason and Abizer because we have been doing well this semester
Crisis: <insert Navy SEAL copypasta>
Jason: Hopefully people are pleased by our work this semester, please vote me in again
Question: Abizer, which do you trust more, Jason or Crisis?
Abizer: Jason is a wholesome person, not sure if I can trust Crisis

Unanimous win for Sahil (13), Jason+Abizer (13)
 
Sahil: Say farewell to Brian and Doug, who are leaving the end of next semester. There will be cake, please clap.
Sahil: DGMs will be baisang, asai, awelty

Meeting Adjourned at 8:10

Notetaker: tanx
