Date: Tue, 17 Oct 89 21:36:38 PDT
From: robc@soda.berkeley.edu (Robert Cullmann)
To: ocf@ocf.berkeley.edu
Subject: Minutes 10/9



Minutes of OCF's Board of Directors meeting of October 9, 1989.
(Finally!!)

Directors Present:

	Partha
	Peter
	Jeff
	Case
	Robert
	Adam R.
	Adam G.
	George

Directors Absent:

	Gretchen
	Mike

--------------------------------
Items Discussed:

	Miscellaneous:
		It was decided that we need to get more non-cs people to 
		use the cluster.  A suggestion was made that we should
		provide more Software(ie. Cad, Visual Editors, Framemaker ....)
		The idea of offering introductory classes also was discussed.
		It was also stated that we should get the policies printed 
		out.		

	Publicity:
		Partha will take care of getting us publicity in
		the Daily Cal.  He will also see about contacting
		the Campus HP rep. Hans will talk to campus groups
		and departments (the ones contacted before the donation;
		Anthro, Biochem, Tolman, Mech E's)
		He will also try to find out who the HP rep is.
		George said that he is willing to set up a table at sproul.
		Mention was made about getting an article in Cal Engineer, 
		and in the BerkeleyAn (the campus staff magazine), and in
		the Berkeley Computing Bulletin.

		Supposedly the ribbon cutting ceremony is out of our
		hands and depends on what Apollo wants to do.


	General Meeting:
		The general meeting was scheduled for Tuesday
		November 14, 1989. Robert was going to get a 
		room (preferably 145 or 155 Dwinelle, or wheeler, etc..)

	New Director:
		Hans was elected to the BOD (through the Decision Making
		Process).  (welcome back hans.)



If I missed anything, let me know.....

					-Rob
