Date: Tue, 31 Oct 89 00:52:49 PST
From: adamj
To: ocf
Subject: 10/30/89 BoD minutes

Attendance:
	Robert Cullman
	Adam Glass
	Case Larson
	Peter Shipley (site manager)
	Partha Banerjee (general manager)
	George W. Herbert
	Mike Brodhead
	Hans Reiser
	Jeff Wallace
	Adam J. Richter

Guest:	Drew Dean

Directors absent:
	Gretchen Stude (dropped for missing two consecutive BoD meetings)
	Mike Robinson  (dropped for missing two consecutive BoD meetings)


Planning for the OCF general orientation/elections meeting on Tuesday,
11/14/89 at 7:00pm in 120 Latimer continues.

	* We still aren't sure if we can move it to 10 Evans, but Robert
	  will mail to ocf about it by Wednesday at the latest.

	* Besides the usual line in /etc/motd, news postings and leaflets,
	  publicity may also include an article in the Daily Cal.

The OCF diplomatic corps reports on his progress:

	* Maxtor has decided not to donate anything to the OCF.

	* Eric Hugerhuis has submitted a donation request to HP for an
	  8mm tape and a disk drive.  Eric is upset with the lack of
	  Apollo/OCF contact.

	* Peter Shipley recommended that the OCF diplomatic corps
	  talk to Cimarron about a possible DRAM donation from
	  ClearPoint.

Hans and Case report on the hardware situation:

	* Apollo will replace the broken workstations.  Apollo wasn't
	  aware that any of our workstations were broken.  Phil Reyes,
	  Byron Putnam's shipping manager will ship them to Apollo, if
	  we make arrangements with him.

Partha Banerjee reports on a big meeting in the works:

	* There will be a meeting with Nory Ison, Brian Harvey, Curtis
	  Hardyck, Apollo people(?), Partha Banerjee, et al.  The
	  exact	details have yet to be fully worked out as that Prof.
	  Hardyck was out of town last week.  Progress is expected
	  this week.

THE OCF BOARD OF DIRECTORS ADOPTED A GROUP ACCOUNT POLICY.

	* Any official university student group may apply for a group
	  account.  Other organizations require the approval of the
	  Board of Directors.

	* Group accounts will be charged a $10/semester fee.  Summer
	  group accounts will be $5/semester, as will be group
	  accounts created after Friday of 7th week of classes during
	  the semester.  Until a treasurer is selected, this money
	  should be given to the general manager.

	* Group accounts will be subject to a 1 megabyte quota.

	* Because group accounts create an opportunity for anonymous
	  malicious hacking, OCF rule violations done with group accounts
	  will be handled much more strictly than with user accounts.

	* Group account paswords may not be distributed to people who
	  aren't members of that group.

	* Group accounts must answer any mail they get from the system
	  administration within a week.

	* Group accounts must at all times have one user who is
	  responsible for that group account, and must provide a
	  non-email contact for that person (e.g., a phone number).

	* Group accounts are intended to build a sense of community.
	  Therefore, we also require the following information in
	  their .plan files:

		- Description of the organization.
		- Ways to get involved with the organization.
		- How to get in touch with the person responsible for
		  the account [more for security reasons, actually].

	This policy will not go into effect immediately.  It will
probably next week, when the financial mechanisms have been more well
researched.  Adam Glass, Robert Cullman, and others (?), will do this.

MEETING ADJOURNED.
