Board of Directors meeting Nov 27, 2012
7:25
Held at Hearst Gym, OCF Grotto

Directors in attendance:
Dara
Erica
Loren
Nader
Raphael
Sanjay
Timothy

== Student Group Information (Online chpass/approve) ==

Dara - Given student's calnet id, can query which groups they are a part of.  So makes approving group accounts more straightforward, can make online chpass.  Allows us to get stats as well on group usage at OCF.

== Server Rack Mounting Hardware ==

Dara - Assigned to Sanjay, need to buy that.

Sanjay - Need part codes first, might have to take apart racks to find out what pieces we need.  Need discretionary fund for the move.

Dara - Fund for SURGE-related issues through next semester might be necessary.

Dara - Propose $5000 discretionary fund for any one of SMs/GMs for purchasing physical infrastructure at OCF (e.g. racks, doors, cabinets) necessary for move

*Proposal passed unanimously*

== Copyright licensing scheme ==

Dara - When we do stuff as ocf, not clear what license they are under.

Timothy - No license currently, so that means not licensed.

Dara - Actually could have copyright infringement.  What I think is best is to put under least restrictive license as possible.  Not worried about losing money off of it.  Want to make it essentially under the public domain.

Nader - So need to add licensing information on front page of wiki?

Sanjay - Not so simple, need all previous writers to consent as well.

Dara - Could assign copyright to Board of Directors, or put it as public domain as possible.

Nader - Like the latter option.

*More discussion necessary before conclusion can be reached*

== Research Hub ==

Dara - Sent us an email, they run a sharing service for students.  They want us to help publicize them.

Dara - We will wait for response to our request for clarifications from them.

== Server Move ==

Dara - Moving all remaining hardware in Eshelman on Monday after finals, in early morning.  Need to set everything up on the weekend before the move. 

Dara - Could have banquest during RRR week.

*Meeting unanimously adjourned at 8:30*
