Board of Directors meeting Oct 9, 2012
7:30
Held at Hearst Gym, Conference Room 2C

Directors in attendance:
Dara daradib
Kevin kfang
Sanjay sanjayk
Nolan nolm
Timmy tzhu
Felix waf
Erica etshen
Brandon brandlee
Emily myuxie
Charles lilulu
Lauren mcint

== Updates on the OCF ==

Important things

Dara 	- After finals week is over, that's when we'll move all our stuff out of Eshelmann. If you're not there, we'll do secret things.
	- There are some network issues. At 5 am, our network goes down for 5 mins.
	- Sign, MOU
	- Server room needs a lock
	- Couch, Do people like the idea of having a couch in the OCF? 
	- Missing 3 gamer chairs
	- Senate minutes parser, Sanjay and Timmy are working on it. 
		- Should consult with the Senate. We should contniue forward with it. 
		- Stay with Ocf.berkeley.edu incase of errors, easier to host on our site, etc. 
		- Should not make our objectives to deal with Pubs.
Sanjay	- Advantage of a command line trip is we could use a email thing with a search string.
Dara	- If you're interested in the this project (creating a search feature on the senate minutes), talk to Sanjay or Timmy.
	- Harddrives 
		- Last year, we wanted to buy these harddrives. 2 TB harddrives. But last time, after the thailand flooding, price rose, desire to buy dropped. But now I think we should buy two. 
		- Dialogue about the harddrive and our needs.
		- Another option is to put the pollution somewhere else, we could use epidemic. Or we buy a second array.
Timmy		- Pollution was previously on the Hal2 right? 
Dara		- Yeah, we used to use 2 1 TB harddrives for pollution
		- We would use those 1 TB harddrives and add them to the Pandemic array
		- Comments? We could buy 3 to have 1 spare. 
Sanjay 		- Allocating $700 to buy 3 Western Digital 2 TB harddrives. (Seconded by Kevin)
		~ Motion Approved ~ 

Dara	- We're going to buy two Tripp Lite (no voting)
	- Raspberry Pi
		- Order got delayed, will be shipped sometime after 11/1/12 (Taken off BoD)
	- Also purchased 20 short ethernet cables for the server room hatch panels to reorganize our wires.
	- We should take a staff photo
	- Real name pause
Sanjay		- Problem is that we have a strict "real name" policy where our ocf names must be similar to their calnet but we don't enforce it so we shouldn't do it.
		- We should just say that we give 1) Christian names, anglicizations 2) Middle names 3)
Timmy		- Rejecting nouns v. components of a real name. More tech talk
Sanjay 		- We should just drop it if we're going to go so far about it.
		- Instead of making a new policy that's super complicated
		- If we're going to have this CalNet thing, we should stick to the policy 100%. If we're going to be flexible, we should have people email ocf for exceptions. I think we should just drop it.
Dara		- Problem with dropping it is that we will become more of a policing force
Timmy		- 1) Cannot have ocf related or print related words 2) Use your descretion 3) We will use our descretion
Dara		- In recent history, we have only had 2 name changes
		- Reason that there's a 3-8 limit, a lot of things for some stupid reason drop after 8
Sanjay		- Calnet does not have a real name requirement
Dara		- BoD 1991 policy - Must choose own account names but must be reasonably based on the user's real name. Feels like this policy is reasonable. It's brief and "reasonably" means use descretion.
Sanjay		- Policy is based on whoever happened to be approving/rejecting at the time. Too much overhead involved. 
Timmy 		- We should just scrap online approved and go with manual approved
Dara		- 2 Issues. 1) Unfair for previous accounts. 2) People in the future might want to change in the future. 3) What if student groups choose names of another student groups. 
		- For most users, it's not an issues. For those who do have an issue, just have an SM decide, use the SM descretion. SM rejection can be appealed to GM and taken into BoD. We should all respect the SM's decision though.
		- End result: no progress. Policy discussion adjourned. 
Emily 	- There is a copper floor. Will CC Chris, and Sanjay to see if we can get the process started.
Dara	- CC projects.ocf.berkeley.edu ... Subject: [OCF #238]. You can also CC sanjay and Dara.
	- Items to reclaim from Heller Lounge: OCF Glass Sign and Copper Floor
Loren   - Two issues
		- People who don't have high positions such as SM or GMs don't have anything or don't know what to do. 
Dara		- There are some things on the wiki. It doesn't entirely solve the issues though.
Sanjay		- New members should start holding office hours
		- One thing that worked was that new staff go to existing staff hours. Recommend one of the SM/Gm/Dm
		- In the mean time, OCF scripts are important. wiki.ocf.berkeley.edu/scripts/
		- Staff needs to be able to: 1) Deal with basic account related management - familiarity with policy. 2) Do basic menial tasks


Dara - Motion to Adjourn BoD
	- Majority approves

~ Meeting Is adjourned at 8:30 pm ~
