Board of Directors meeting Oct 16, 2012
7:38
Held at Hearst Gym, Conference Room 2C

Directors in attendance:
Nolan
Kenny
Timothy
Nader
Erica
Raphael
Sanjay
Paulina
Nicole
Brandon
Loren
Dara
Felix
Minyoon

== Real Name Policy ==

Nader - Want to be able to run account approvals regularly

Sanjay - 2/3 times a week?

Dara - Delay discussion until after BoD since more of philosophical discussion

Sanjay - Could recommend ocf suggested name, and approve those more regularly.

Sanjay - Could also use edit distance to vet names

== GM Updates ==

Dara - Power strips, all things purchased except Raspberry Pis have arrived.

== Policy concerning laptop Users ==

Erica - Can we move people using laptops sitting in front of desktop?

Dara - Yes

== Google Talk ==

Dara - At unit 2 tomorrow, for rescomp and ocf.  For sysadmins.

Erica - Looking for ops sysadmins

Dara - It is at 7:15.  Let me know if you are coming.  Will only go if others go.

Kenny - I am going

Dara - Yay lets go

== Move from Eshelman ==

Dara - Move everything Sat afternoon or Mon after finals.  This is 15th   Need to coincide with movers.  Can plan social retreat at same time and go somewhere.

Dara - Basically ocf vacation, could go near (karaoke) or far (las vegas).  Yosemite works too.

Dara - Can talk about later, but just giving heads up.

== Blackhole vhost request ==

Dara - Astronomy wants to use blackhole.ocf.berkeley.edu, but that is currently mail storage.  Need to make clear that it is being used.  Should we grant them blackhole.berkeley.edu?

Sanjay - This is department, should grant but let them know that it will be a bit of work.

== Power monitoring ==

Dara - Kill-a-watt is a tool to monitor usage from power outlets.  It is $22.  Can estimate desktop usage and how much we save by suspending computers at night.  Can then publish this.

Loren - Does ASUC care about how much we use?

Dara - There are grants available for being environmentally friendly.  However, it does come with many restrictions.

Dara - It is an additional feature that can be useful, not very expensive.

Sanjay - I think it is OK to buy it since it is cheap, but concerned about how useful it will be.

== SM Updates ==

Dara - Timothy created online printer paper/toner tracker @ http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~tzhu/printer_oracle/ and @ http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~tzhu/printer_historacle/

*Meeting unanimously adjourned at 8:13*
