Board of Directors meeting Oct 30, 2012
7:38
Held at Hearst Gym, Conference Room 2C

Directors in attendance:
Nader
Erica
Emily
Raphael
Sanjay
Brandon
Kevin
Loren
Dara

== Berkeley Project ==

Dara - Berkeley Project approached us for printing service

Nader - We aren't much cheaper than local copy shop if we charge them

Dara - If less than $50 in direct material costs, we can just donate to them.  If more than that, should ask for some sort of cost compensation.  Still losing money but at least covers losses a bit.

Sanjay - Other issue is we have been telling other student groups that we don't provide them with extra printing.  What makes Berkeley project different?

Dara - It is something that we participate in.

Sanjay - Still odd to donate to student group.

Erica - Would set bad precedent.

Sanjay - Would this extend to other groups?

Dara - Would be specific for these circumstances.  That's why we are meeting for BoD.

Sanjay - How do we judge who we would grant extra printing?

Dara - Would be at our discretion.

Nader - Why didn't they send a representative today since event is this weekend?

Kevin - They have meeting today.

Erica - Are they giving us anything in return?

Dara - We are getting sponsorship for Berkeley Project in return.

Sanjay - Should send email to them to get details of their requests and then decide.

Dara - Need someone to meet with them to print after hours if we go through with this.

Dara - Also need to make decision by end of today.

Sanjay - Should make clear this is a one time thing.

Dara - Will send them response for more information.  Will keep everyone in the ticket informed.  Sanjay/Dara will come to consensus.  Any other concerns?

Erica - I understand that we are doing something civic-minded, but just don't want to send bad precedent.

== Hard Drives ==

Dara - Kenny returned hard drives since we were sent wrong hard drives

== Yearbook ==

Dara - Another student org, yearbook wants to borrow hardware.  What should policy be?

Sanjay - Should write down exactly what we did for what groups.  For specifically CSUA can lend hardware, but for other groups probably can't be as flexible.

Dara - Should lend until we graduate so that we are aware that it happened.

Sanjay - My issue with Yearbook is that since they are so close to OCF and borrow material already, might lead to disputes after we graduate.  Should put down in writing.  What can Yearbook offer us?

Dara - Willing to give us money.  

Sanjay - What does yearbook want?

Dara - 1TB hard drive, have some excess.

Sanjay - Fairly valuable

Dara - Not giving out for free.  Should make a deal if we lend expensive material.  For other items, like excess monitors can lend on yearly basis.

Sanjay - I suggest yearbook write down specifically what they want, down to the serial number.

Dara - Is cash only reasonable compensation.  For cheaper items like the Lenovos, can lend for free.  But for things of more value, if we give to them what can we get back in return?

Nader - Monetary for hard drives is reasonable.

Dara - So lend it on yearly/semesterly/til graduate basis?

Sanjay - Danger of forgetting about it.

Nader - Label them.

== Racks to CSUA ==

Sanjay - How do we get them out?

Dara - CSUA said can bring zipcar around to pick it up

== Decal VM on Hal ==

Dara - Sysadmin decal has 30 cores on hal.  Huge VM.  Half of hal for decal.

== Kinect Sets ==

Kevin - Two kinect sets sitting in server rooms.  Friend teaching in afterschool program would be willing to take them.

Dara - Sounds fine to me.  Can just give out.

*Unanimous consent*

== Account tools ==

Nader - Will be worked on at end of semester.

Sanjay - Will be low traffic time, best time to do it.

== Toner/Paper shipment ==

Dara - Shipment later this week.


*Meeting unanimously adjourned at 8:21*
