Board of Directors Meeting

Attendance:
kevinma
kuoh
shichenh
mcint
jasminev
jenicab
wylliec
jonathanjtan
karentu
chunhaowang
ashleychien
tmochida
willh
zdong
kpengboy
chuang
shasan
jvperrin
asai
Ian
ldw
tanx
shaurya
dkessler
nikitnainwal
kwliu
tnn
nickimp
baisang


Quorum for this meeting is 8

Meeting Started at 19:10

* 6143: Election
  * Sahil
    * Takeshi Protection Clause for rename
    * Vacuum: Already have heartless corporate shill for President
    * Platform: Get people to work
  * Brian
    * Platform: Project Teams
    * Vacuum Sucks
    * Tried to remove Vacuum for Ballot
  * Vacuum
  * Andrew
    * Platform: Expand printing services to T-shirts, ice cream per page
  * Jason
    * Probably should know me by now
    * Give so much to campus
    * Platform: Continue what has been done, and more
  * Abizer
    * OCF is a home away from home
    * Platform: Continue to serve the community
* Q&A
  * Brian - Abizer: Is this actually your home?
    * Spent a lot of time due to roommate (see sleeping bag)
    * Not entirely sentimental
  * Charlie - Andrew: Ice cream
    * Green Tea Macha and Vanilla
    * Loren: Where from?
      * Icis
    * Matt? Does this stay away from oil?
  * Loren - Jason: Projects for people other than you
    * Jason doesn't have time but does want to push them to others in RT
  * Kevin P. Endorsement of Abizer
    * He demonstrates strong commitment through XCF work
  * Doug Endorsement of Abizer
    * Works on Decal more than me
  * Kevin P. - Vacuum: Plan to clean?
    * Silent
  * Nick
    * Except for a certain candidate, I am not worried about the future of the OCF
    * Some proposals a bit more pie in the sky (Andrew)
      * He does do work, but up to you guys to decide how much power he has
* Voting
  * GM
    * Shasan + Baisang: |||||||||||||||||||
    * Vacuum: 
    * Vacuum + Baisang: ||
    * asai: ||||||
    * Discard: |
  * SM
    * jvperrin: |||
    * jvperrin + abizer: ||||||||||||||||||||||
    * Vacuum:
    * jvperrin + Vacuum: |||
* 6162: More Purchases
  * Another Drive
    * Pass
  * More markers for shichenh
    * Pass
  * Debian keycaps to replace Windows logo
    * Buy next week
* 6145: Band-Aids 
  * Buying more
  * Pass
* Congratulations for Jenica's election
* 6167: Revise Unattended Processes Policy
  * Kevin P recognizes this is CS 170 season
  * Changes: Users must use nice/ionice; no servers on tsunami
  * Staff Specific: (D)SMs can authorize hypervisors for projects (i.e. CS 170)
    * SM determines when this is active
  * Passes
* 6140: Eligibility Policy
  * Updates to clarify groups eligible for group account, multiple accounts
  * Vote to reject Abizer's wording changes
    * Passes
  * Passes
* 5268: T-Shirts
  * Matt found a vendor that seems pretty good, pretty cheap
  * Debate between American Apparel and Gildan
  * Reminder of shirts to be sent out
* 6138: LAN Party
  * Sunday April 30 originally, but Chris wants it on Saturday
    * Still on Sunday due to complaints
  * Opportune time for projects to get stuff done
  * Andrew will host a kickback
* 6171: Screenprints
  * Pay for canvas
  * One color only
  * Passes

Meeting Adjourned at 8:02

Notetaker: kevinma
