Board of Directors Meeting

Attendance:
zdong
joalfe
mcint
shichenh
abizer
minos
baisang
jvperrin
nickimp
chuang
nikitnainwal
kpengboy
willh
jasminev
ashleychien
tanx
dkessler
trliu
soohee
chuuhaowang
bchieng
shaurya
mattmcal
ldw
vaibhavj

Quorum for this meeting is 8

Meeting Started at 19:11

* <6028>: <tech fund grant application>
Ideally we should get more people to look at the final application

* <5952>: <subscribe to OCF youtube channel>
We currently have 40, need 100

* <5944>: <GPU server update>
We have the tech fund money for it, and the 1080 Ti's are out
Jason will be getting the quote from Silicon Mechanics
Voted on buying, passed

* <6002>: <server room desktop>
We should just take one of the old computers and stash it in the server room
Useful if the lab is closed and we don't want prying eyes
George: Are we using the Celerons
Nick: We don't need to save that much money
Vote passed

* <5860>: <Standing desk setup>
Suggested one had horrible reviews, but good on staff for the suggestion
Missing the old GPU from eruption
Voting on buying the standing desk, the two monitors, and the computer for it (delaying the purchase of the GPU)
Allocation of 2.3-2.4k dollars, passed

* <5397>: <get laptop stickers made>
We have one on the staff computers, looks nice
Plan on getting 500 stickers made
Vote passed on buying 500 stickers

* <5985>: <Signboard cables>
We need better wires to get rid of our current jank setup, but the vendor is sketchy
Not ordering, not enough research done
George: EE16A provides them!

* <6022>: <Spending freeze>
Less buying trivial stuff, we've already made most of our planned large purchases
We should reserve money if an emergency happens, e.g. pagefault blows up and we need to replace it
George: Clarification, this freeze doesn't apply to misc funds

* <6014>: <stop locking the computers and leaving for extended times>
Nick has finished a script that will log you out after 30 min of lockscreen during open hours
+ 90 minutes if lab is closed
Kevin: If the autologger launches at 8:29am, will it run for 2 hours?
Nick: That can be fixed
The script is a backup, staff shouldn't do this in the first place

* <5167>: <refine vhost policies>
Discuss more next week, should be what we agreed on last week anyway
Staff should read/comment on this by next week, prepare to vote

* <5950>: <Kleanup Krew>
We will be dusting off all the computers after the meeting today.

There are startup tasks in RT that can be done by staff not so familiar with OCF architecture

* <5268>: <T-shirts for new staff>
Time is running out in the semester, we need to do this if staff wants it
We have designs, real priority is to go to t-shirt designing sites and ring up quotes
Demand can be ballparked

* <6024>: <ocf.sexy domain expires soon>
Some people wanted it renewed
Brian: IDK why we even have this
Nick: 2 and a half years ago, we decided to buy a bunch of domains. It was funny. 
abizer: we should renew to stop domain parking, its only like fifteen dollars
Charlie: make the ocf sexy again
Vote passed to renew domain.

* <4829>: <Discuss banner and disclaimer policy>
Our policy is that we require a "hosted by the OCF" and a university disclaimer
This is rarely enforced (see ASUC) 
Nick: We should absolutely make this policy concrete, i.e. send strongly-worded emails to websites that don't follow
Charlie: We should ask but not take down the sites
Kevin: Might it be ridiculous that we demand our parent ASUC to do this?
Nick: The ridiculousness is that we joined the ASUC for its visiblity services, we definitely should not just abide by this
minos: We should target the large orgs first, so smaller ones follow
Nick: Oh that doesn't matter, we just disable the site of smaller orgs
Brittany: What does the banner even look like
Jason: To be fair, our banner is from like 2005 and doesn't look the best
Brian: If someone wants to make a new banner, please do
Jason: we should make a new one before enforcing the policy
minos: in the future, we should have some kind of tracking where some websites have them
Nick: that's already been done, we have an imperfect script that trawls websites
Compliance from that script is also "very not good"

* <5594>: <Fix typo in constitution>
We made a typo, the amendment is re-labeling 5.1 and 5.2 to 6.1 and 6.2
Vote passed, kevin given editing rights

* <5459>: <Make fixes to officers bylaws>
Restrict officer appointment to bod members only
Replace something with director
Formalize concept of deputy manager: once a dm is elected to SM or GM, the are no longer DM
DGM and DSM terms expire when the new head is elected
10.4 should say 10.5
You must be a recent student to hold one of the titles
Vote passed for changes

Meeting Adjourned at 19:57

Notetaker: zdong
