Board of Directors Meeting

Attendance:

kevinma
jvperrin
chunhaowang
minos
jenicab
vaibhavj
nikitnainwal
zdong
andycui
shasan
mdcha
chuang
mattmcal
kpengboy
jasminev
daejun
karentu
ashleychien
willh
soohee
mcint
dkessler
clhager
tanx
wylliec
shichenh
abizer
kuoh
bchieng
tmochida
asai

Quorum for this meeting is 8

Meeting Started at 19:11

* 6044: STF Submitted
  * ABSA Next; Due Friday
* 6056: Card Key Submitted
* 6051: Server Room to be cleaned up
  * Cups have been lying around; no excused with trash can in room
* 5942: HPC Survey sent to eecs mailing list
  * Few responses; responses are in RT ticket
* Regarding Youtube subscribers
  * Need 100 to get special urls
* 5268: T-Shirt Designs by Jasmine
  * Seems 90s - Matt
  * To be vectorized - Harrison
* 6045: Future Topics
  * Most of the work has been done
  * Scaling issues with older suggestions
  * Daniel suggests collaboration time between old/new staff
  * Tech news?
    * FOSS news to be done at end, so as not to be forced - Loren
      * Need shared purpose other than just say to socialize
* 5402: Lending Policy
  * Issue is enforcing returns and dealing with damage
  * Pain to quantify damage; collatoral needed?
  * Whitelist items rather than blacklist - Sahil
  * Structure TBD
  * Above discussion involving On-Campus groups
  * As for staff borrowing, please be careful
    * Timmy borrowed projector for a long time
    * Lots of staff though
* 6027: Bets on ASUC money
* 5167: vhost Policy Refinement
* Tech Talk to follow

Meeting Adjourned at 19:48

Notetaker: kevinma
