Board of Directors Meeting

Attendance:
kevinma
kpengboy
kuoh
tanx
mdcha
joalfe
jiyuxin
shasan
chuang
baisang
jvperrin
wylliec
abizer
nickimp
bchieng
jasminev
tnn
ashleychien
daejun
willh
karentu
zdong
andycui
jameszhu
dkessler
soohee
asai
tmochida
mattmcal
ckuehl
ldw
bzhen
shikardhingra
shichenh
daveliu
lilulu

Quorum for this meeting is 17

Meeting Started at 19:10

* 5776: Plan LAN
  * Sunday 19th
  * Hacking Session to precede
* 5640: More Purchasing
  * Air Purifier
    * To be placed near printers
    * Will not buy two
    * Passes
  * MagSafe 2 Power Adapter
    * Already have one
    * Rejected
  * Vinyl Tape
    * Approved immediately
  * Lens Cleaning Wipes
    * Ran out apparently
    * Approved
  * Lightning to USB
    * Lost one
    * Approved
* 5856: Github Group Membership
  * Do it
* 5864: Kleanup Krew
  * Stick around for cleanup
* 5860: Standing Desk
  * Users afraid of desk
  * Instead of adapter, buy actual standing desk to be placed near Pubstaff
  * $445 basic, but in reality ~700.
  * 48x30, could buy 60x30
  * Good office chair needed
  * Scanner-connected computers a reminder of initial intimidation
* 5397: Laptop Stickers
  * Harrison's Proposal; will have sizing changes
  * Scarf too straight; Replaced OCF.IO w/ ocf.berkeley.edu
* 5859: Tech Talks Schedule
  * Lots of people seem to want to do it
  * Currently every other week
  * Add if you want to do one
* 5759: Raspberry Pi vs Motion Sensor
  * Implementation TBD
  * Apparently Motion Sensor is IR
* 5815: Semester Quota Rise
  * Previously 250; now 100
  * Printing Trends are exponential graphs
  * Raise to 150? More data needed
* 5268: T-Shirts
  * No designs currently
* 5722: GPU Server
  * Waiting for money
  * Bother people about use cases
* What is BoD?
  * To be on BoD, need to be here at least 4 in a row, but kicked out after 2 misses in a row
  * Needed for quorums, though usually only during contentious events
* Broken MacBook is apparently Harrison's
* 5049: Allows PDF Uploads through ocfweb
  * Bad press involving hacks
  * Jason argues that our printers aren't open to the full web
  * Nick points out that people already leave their papers even in the lab; more waste would occur
    * Semester quota still there, mostly unused
  * Charlie's proposal for Wifi only for printer; immediately no'd by Brian and Nick
  * Dissention
* Matt on Staff VMs
  * Suggestions for names on ocf/dns
  * Standard talk about usage
  * Form to be sent out
  * For current staff, VMs will be upgraded to Debian Stretch
* Nick and others will be compiling document on storage plans for next 2 years

Meeting Adjourned at 20:13

Notetaker: kevinma
