Board of Directors Meeting

Attendance:
kevinma
kuoh
joalfe
ckuehl
ldw
willh
nickimp
baisang
dkessler
kpengboy
jvperrin
mattmcal
chuang
jasminev
tnn
abizer
bchieng
gleeb
soohee
jiyuxin
chunhaowang
asai
tmochida
aileenho
minos
slobo

Quorum for this meeting is 16

Meeting Started at 19:10

* 5882: Tech Fund Issues
  * Need to change Application a lot
  * Want to help? Come to officer meetings before BoD Meetings
* Jenkins is now on Debian Stretch
  * ocf.io/stretch
* Fuser for Papercut broke
  * Need maintenence kit
* 5640: More Spending
  * Tech Talk Video Supplies (5837)
    * Pass
  * Another Trash Can
    * Pass
  * USB-C Laptop Adapter
    * $60
    * Pass
  * Umbrella Holder
    * Metal, Stylish
    * $40
    * Pass
  * 2x10TB SATA HDD
    * For central storage and SSD allocation
    * $460 each (2 for RAID)
    * Pass
  * 4x1TB NVMe SSD
    * For Riptide
    * $480 each
    * Pass
* 5776: OCF Hack Day + LAN Party
  * This Sunday, 1-???pm
  * Suggested Projects and Older Staff Help
* 5866: OCF Emails (i.e. @ocf.berkeley.edu)
  * Jason: Give if people ask
* 5859: Tech Talks Schedule
  * One every other week
  * Spots now open in the skipped weeks
  * Occurs right after BoD
* 5722: GPU Server
  * Money has not arrived yet
  * Nick is main proponent
  * Different GPUs on market; need to find right ones for scientific computing
    * Communicate with student groups to deal with it
  * Need to figure how to share resources amongst different clubs (no hacking; fairness)
* 5888: Major Budget Items
  * 12.5 thousand left
    * Tech Talk equipment pre-bought
  * 9.5k left + 5k Grant for GPU
    * Following figures are handwavy - Nick
    * 2.75k for new Setup/Standing Desk
    * 2k Printing
    * 2k GPU Extra Costs
  * 2.75k for discretionary purposes
* 5049: PDF Uploads through ocfweb
  * Nick thought more about it and opposes it
  * Budgetary issues with Pubstaff and other factors led to printing decrease
  * People already have to be in the lab to get their printed pages
  * Review this only when we have enough information
  * Jason wants some time-based authentication to allow users in lab but not on computer to print
    * Nick wouldn't be opposed; Brian thinks it's funny; people blame Charlie; he denies
    * Moved to TODO
    * Matt says this is already possible through ssh to tsunami and run lp
* 5397: OCF Stickers
  * Harrison: Last call for criticisms/suggestions
  * Looks sad; needs full URL; how does it land; what is the spike at the back?
  * Shadows on fin? - Nick
    * Ambient occlusion - Harrison
* 5889: Q&A
  * Brian: OCF used to be more philophical in his time
  * What's with the servers in the back room?
    * 4 (used to be 3) servers to host all of our services
    * Virtual Machines for everything; backups also set
  * What websites do we host?
    * Mainly student websites (rivaling departments)
    * Firewalls set, but can ssh to staff VMs and public servers
  * Should we apply for more funding?
    * Go to officers meeting
  * Can we verify if backups work?
    * Jason's project to abuse infinite Box storage (~5 TB/1 Day upload)
    * Local backups help
  * Nick wants people to ask questions
* Nick's Tech Talk will follow

Meeting Adjourned at 19:58

Notetaker: kevinma
