	     Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting
			Wednesday, March 2, 1994

Present at this meeting: (BoD Members denoted by a *):

*Nevin Cheung (nevman@ocf)              Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)
Lars Nathan Smith (lars@ocf)            Peter Norby (norby@ocf)
Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)             David G. Paschich (dpassage@ocf)
*Chris L. Williams (clw@ocf)            Chris G. Demetriou (cgd@ocf)
Amy Baron (amee@ocf)                    Maxim Spivak (maxims@ocf)
*Andrew Swan (aswan@ocf)                *Ari Zilka (ari@ocf)

*Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf) arrived at 7:35 p.m.
*Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf) arrived at 7:37 p.m.

Board members Eric P. Lee (leeep@ocf) and Jean Yim (jyim@ocf) were
not present but were not dropped since they attended the last 
meeting.  Lars Smith, Amy Baron, and Rune Stromsness had been
dropped from the board after not attending the last meeting.

A quorum of 6 BoD members (2/3 * 8 = 5 1/3) was made at approximately
7:37 when Kenji Hubbard arrived.

Before quorum was achieved, there were discussions regarding:

* Site Manager's Report:
There are approximately 50 people who responded to the call for new
staff members.  Ari is working on a way to use those people who want
to volunteer effectively.

Typhoon has been having problems, as have some other machines to a lesser
extent.  The spring cleaning was last weekend and went all right, some
RAM swapping was done and all serial numbers were recorded.

* Talks with IST/WSSG
Marco reported at length on his recent talks with Jerry Smith and others
in IST.  They have been looking at successful volunteer programs at
CEA and UHS.  These all involve some volunteers, some part-time
employees, and some full-time employees.  Smith should be giving
a proposal to Marco by 3-14, which Marco would bring to the BoD.
The Bod should discuss what it is willing to accept by that time.
After initial negotiations, a large general meeting/public hearing on
the proposal is planned to get the opinions of the general membership.

[somewhere in this discussion quorum was achieved and the meeting
called to order by the General Manager Nevin Cheung at 7:37 p.m.]

Marco asked for suggestions regarding a structure that could benefit
both IST and the current purpose of the OCF.  It was suggested that
the BoD could be changed to have student seats and seats held by
IST staff.

* Disk swap with CSUA
The CSUA has expressed some interest in using or swapping or buying some
of our SMD disks to use on soda.  There is no firm proposal yet, but
it will probably not be a purchase (involve money) but could be some
sort of swap.

* Ethernet taps
Nevin and Marco will work tomorrow to see if we can get ethernet taps
for some more of our workstations.

* Budget proposal to ASUC
The budget proposal is due tomorrow.  With the Smith vs. Regents decision
the OCF is in a position to possibly get increased funding for next year.
This is also waranted by the increasing user population.  Nevin was 
directed to prepare a budget somewhere in the range of $5,000.  
Possibilities for inclusion mentioned were paying for some ethernet
taps, a Site Manager and/or General Manager stipend, a new printer,
adding to the photocopying allocation, and new hardware.

Questions were raised about whether or not stipends were a good idea or
not.  People were concerned that it could lead to flakes applying for
the positions only for the money.  After much discussion it was agreed
that the stipends would not be large enough to attract that kind of
interest, the elections process was good enough to weed out any people
like that anyway, and the money would actually give the BoD more leverage
in making sure that things were getting done since the pay could be stopped
if it wasn't.  Keir made a motion to include stipend(s) in the proposed
budget.  His motion was seconded by Kenji.  It was approved 6-0-0.

* Appointments to the BoD
Amy, Chris D., Rune, Peter, and Lars all asked to be added to the Board.
Andrew made a motion to approve the applicants by acclamation, seconded
by Ari.  The motion passed 6-0-0

The meeting was adjourned at 8:25.
