	     Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting
			Wednesday, March 23, 1994

Present at this meeting: (BoD Members denoted by a *):

Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)               *Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)
*Lars Nathan Smith (lars@ocf)           *Peter Norby (norby@ocf)
*Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)            David Chia (chiapet@ocf)
*Chris G. Demetriou (cgd@ocf)           *Eric P. Lee (leeep@ocf)
*Amy Baron (amee@ocf)                   Steve Martinot (marto@ocf)
*Andrew Swan (aswan@ocf)                *Ari Zilka (ari@ocf)
Tracy Richard Scott (trscott@ocf)       Jennifer Scalf (jenscalf@ocf)
Alex Petrushko (alpet@ocf)              Sam Trenholme (set@ocf)
Eric Mehlhaff (mehlhaff@ocf)            Thomas Waung (twaung@ocf)
Ross Chan (rosschan@ocf)                Marcus Edward Lauer (melauer@ocf)

Board members Chris L. Williams (clw@ocf), Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf),
and Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf) were not present but were not dropped
since they attended the last meeting.  No one was dropped from the
board after not attending the last meeting.  General Manager Nevin
Cheung (nevman@ocf) was absent to attend the ASUC financial procedings
to represent the OCF.

A quorum of 5 members was achieved.

The meeting was called to order at approximately 7:12 p.m. by Site
Manager Ari Zilka.

Nevin and Keir were attending the ASUC meeting and thus could not
attend the BoD meeting.  They are representing the OCF for funding
issues.

* Site Manager's Report:
Some routing problems have been plaguing us.  The Whirlind/Typhoon 
disk swap was discussed.  The number of accounts is now > 8000, with
around 6000 unique logins in a week.

* Talks with IST/WSSG
Marco reported at length on his recent talks with Jerry Smith and
Jack McCredie.  Vance Vaughn is working on getting machine room 
space for the donated SUNs.

Talk about how to use a possible RS6000 that might be donated by IBM
occupied a few minutes.

The meeting was adjourned at 7:45
