	     Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting
			Wednesday, April 13, 1994

Present at this meeting: (BoD Members denoted by a *):

Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)               *Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)
*Peter Norby (norby@ocf)                *Chris Williams (clw@ocf)
*Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)            Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)
*Chris G. Demetriou (cgd@ocf)           *Eric P. Lee (leeep@ocf)
Steve Martinot (marto@ocf)              Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)
*Ari Zilka (ari@ocf)                    Marcus Edward Lauer (melauer@ocf)
Eric Mehlhaff (mehlhaff@ocf)            *Thomas Waung (twaung@ocf)
Rachel Yotter (raytrace@ocf)            David S. Shy (shyguy@ocf)
*Nevin Cheung (nevman@ocf)

No board members were not present but were not dropped since they
attended the last meeting.  Lars Nathan Smith (lars@ocf), Andrew
Swan (aswan@ocf) and Amy Baron (amee@ocf) were dropped from the
board after not attending the last meeting.

A quorum of 6 members was achieved.

The meeting was called to order at approximately 7:14 p.m. by General
Manager Nevin Cheung.

AGENDA:

* General Manager's Report
* Site Manager's Report
* IST Report
* Ether taps

* General Manager's Report:
The last ASUC meeting went well.  The check requests to reimburse 
Keir and to pay the CSUA for Bob are in the works.
IBM will be here next Wednesday for the BoD meeting to talk about
the possible machine donation/loan.
We are working on getting receipts out for some hardware donations.

* Site Manager's Report:
Not much of note has happened.  The sendmail.cf's have been fixed on
the new disks.  The 3rd registry on Monsoon is working well.  We've
been experiencing finger flooding to flood from hera.eecs.  
There is some discussion as to whether or not monsoon should allow
remote logins.  It may also cease to be a color machine.  Plague has
been having some disk integrity problems.

* IST Report:
Rune reported about a meeting he had with VP McCredie.  VP McCredie
is interested in getting feedback on various computing issues from
students.  Some of these include possible computer orientations 
for students in the beginning of the fall semester and recommended
or required computer purchases for undergraduate students.  Anyone
with ideas/comments/suggestions should give them to Rune or directly
to VP McCredie.

We are working on trying to get some machine space when CS moves out
of Evans Hall this summer.  MSME is supposed to get the room that
CS uses now (508-11).  The eventual outcome is unknown at this time.

VP McCredie says he is still very open to working with the OCF
on something that is "important but not critical".  Exactly how
this would take shape or happen is unknown.

* Ether taps:
The status is still pending, we will try to get them installed as
soon as possible.

Rachel Yotter (raytrace@ocf) and Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf) asked
to be added to the BoD.  They were approved unanimously.

The meeting was adjourned at 7:42

Respectfully submitted,

Rune Stromsness
