Open Computing Facility
Board of Directors meeting
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
March 5, 1996

Attendance				Board of Directors
--------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
William Perret <perret>			Thomas Cheng <tomcheng>
Andrew Swan <aswan>			Elaine Chao <chaos> (General Manager)
Steve Martinot <marto>			Alan Coopersmith <alanc>
					Rune Stromsness <runes>
					Erik Agee <agee>
					Kenneth Nishimoto <kennish>
					Jennifer Snider <jenni>
					Wang Lam <wlam>

Meeting Highlights
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The Math Department is claiming OCF space in the Evans basement starting
April; the OCF is moving!  (See General Manager's Report.)

* The Site Manager's account has been shut down pending further review at
the next Board meeting.  (See Old Business.)

Announcements
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* No announcements in particular.

General Manager's Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The Math Department is starting construction April 8.  (Background: The
Math Department has secured the section of the Evans basement where the
OCF resides, so that it can section it off as a separate room, remodel it,
and install a bunch of math computers in our place.)  Therefore, the OCF
has to be out by then, and will most likely to moving to 72 or 73 Barrows 
Hall.

* The General Manager reports she is meeting in person with staff from 
Information Systems & Technology (IST) concerning this move, and invites 
an active member of the OCF familiar with the technical details needed 
for the move to join her at the meeting.

* Jennifer Snider <jenni> notes that it is possible that IST will charge 
the OCF for the move--IST may require that its own staff handle the 
network connections and wiring associated with the OCF's token ring, and 
then charge OCF for the service.  She recommends the OCF apply directly 
to the Chancellor's Discretionary Fund for financial support for this move. 

* The ASUC no longer gives out temporary keys, so OCF Staff who wish to 
visit the Eshleman Hall office must obtain a private key.  The General 
Manager notes she was told this, and promptly forgot to tell affected staff.

* There is a help session Thursday on Java.

* Excess & Salvage confirms that it is not charging the OCF for the old 
systems that were removed without incident.

* Jennifer Snider <jenni> and Alan Coopersmith <alanc> noted that The Daily 
Californian reported that the ASUC was seizing funds from student groups 
that had not yet spend their allocated funds, and redirected them to keep 
Heller Lounge open.  They express worry that the OCF may have been on 
that student group list, as the OCF has not spent all its funds.

* The OCF office was closed today during the open house except for the 
forty minutes or so Jennifer Snider <jenni> was there, she reports.  (OCF 
Staffers who were to keep the OCF office open did not have the permanent 
keys needed to open the door!)

* There is still equipment in the Statistics Department to be taken care 
of.  One machine may have been moved (unconfirmed), but that implies 
there is at least one still there (and the Statistics Department is 
getting upset).

Site Manager's Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The Site Manager was absent from the meeting.  Therefore, the Site 
Manager's Report is being composed from reports by OCF Staff at the 
meeting (Kenneth Nishimoto <kennish> and Jennifer Snider <jenni>).
* Secretary's note:  The material in this section was moved from its 
chronological position near the end of the meeting.

* Avalanche ate its disk.  The errors were so severe the software gave 
its famous "See a certified Apollo technician" message (though some Board 
members wonder whether there are such technicians still in practice).  On 
the up side, only one account was on the machine; on the down side, OCF 
Staff thought they had already moved out all the accounts formerly on 
that machine.

* Lightning has a new monitor, but xdm, the program that is responsible 
for coordinating the graphics mode display on Unix, couldn't work with 
the monitor.  The problem will be fixed promptly.

* Tsunami's accounts are now being moved to hailstorm, so that the machine
can take over avalanche's former position as new mail server for the OCF.

Sparc Managers' Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The OCF has lent one IPC to TCS (NOT the CSUA, despite its name 
sake.csua.berkeley.edu), so that Professor Paul Hilfinger may use it for
a Java project.  The IPCs are being lent for "up to one semester."  It 
will (for that duration) mount SWW, have Kerberos, and so on.

* A meeting is being set up for "work on the machines[Suns]."

Old Business
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* An official quote from Tatung for the Sparc/83MHz should have arrived 
this morning, reports Alan Coopersmith <alanc>.

* Reregistration was complicated one notch, as the person who wrote the
code to allow the OCF limited access to University records (to verify
registration status) has himself accidentally destroyed the interface. 
Andrew Swan <aswan> reports there are two options:  The OCF may send a
list of people and ask for the verification, or the OCF may wait for the
interface to be rewritten;  chances are it will do both. 

* Tenative timeline for implementing reregistration (Jennifer Snider <jenni>)
	Now to 3/17	Andrew Swan <aswan> finishes software, announces
			it, informs OCF Staff
	3/18 to 4/12	Online reregistration for OCF accounts
	4/13 to 4/15	Shut off unregistered accounts
	4/15 to 5/15	Turn on accounts as people who have not reregistered
			notice their accounts were deactivated.
	After finals	Back up shut off accounts to tape; flush from system.
  This schedule did not account for the OCF's move by April 8.

* Jennifer Snider <jenni> notes that the self-reported staff logs picked 
up a new entry:  An account was shut off, with a note that a copy of 
Netscape was found in the mailspool, signed <mconst> (Michael Constant, 
the Site Manager).  The Site Manager is current charged by OCF Security 
with "violating root privileges" and "violating user account privacy."

* The Board contemplates the Office of Student Conduct, but appears to
support the position that it is largely an internal affair concerning OCF
Staff policies.  Some note that considering the Office of Student Conduct
may not understand the context of OCF administration, it is probably not
an appropriate step at least until the Site Manager reports his defense.  
After all, Erik Agee <agee> notes, "it may have just been an honest 
mistake" [concerning OCF Staff policy].

* The Site Manager was, by agreement, to have appeared at this Board 
meeting to defend himself against charges of "violating root privileges" 
and "violating user account privacy."  Since he is absent, the Board 
moves to again shut off his account, pending further review at the next 
Board meeting.  Motion passes, 8-0-0.

New Business
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* An OCF account with a history of violations had been shut off for being
slightly over quota.  Jennifer Snider <jenni> reminds OCF Staff that the
properly applied policy was to have this account shut off only if it
would have been shut off in the course of normal OCF administration, and
that no special vigilance should have been applied to that account.

* Thomas Cheng <tomcheng> queries whether the OCF would like to 
participate in E-Week (an event sponsored by the Engineers Joint Council 
(EJC)).  The Board informally decides that any interested would email him.

Miscellaneous
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* No miscellaneous.

Corrections (after the meeting)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Erik Agee <agee> adds the following concerning the above minutes:
> After all, Erik Agee <agee> notes, "it may have just been an honest 
> mistake" [concerning OCF Staff policy].
I guess I missed this while the draft was out.  I don't recall saying this...
To me it's clear that the Site Manager's conduct was not so much an "honest
mistake", but a willful execution of improper procedure.
* The Secretary recalls the comment, in the context of a general 
discussion allowing Michael Constant <mconst> at least a defense before 
the Board takes further action.  Apologies to anyone who read the comment 
to imply Erik Agee <agee> considered "an honest mistake" to be the actual
situation.  It was meant as a possibility, and should not carry any more 
weight than any other possibility, from the Secretary's perceived context of 
the statement.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Wang Lam <wlam>
OCF Board of Directors and OCF Board Secretary
March 5, 1996
