     Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting of March 4, 1993

Present at this meeting (BoD Members denoted by a *) :

	*Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf)		*Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)
	 Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)		*Peter Norby (norby@ocf)
	 Lara Lee (llee@ocf)			 Terry Yeung (terryy@ocf)
	*Chris Williams (clw@ocf)		*Lars Smith (lars@ocf)
	 ERic Mehlhaff (mehlhaff@ocf)		 David Shy (shyguy@ocf)
	*Mike Lee (mlee@ocf)			*Kinshuk Govil (kinshuk@ocf)
	 Andrei Cogan (coganman@ocf)		*Jonathan W. Lin (jwlin@ocf)
	 Jaideep Mehta (jaideep@ocf)		*Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)
	 Rachel Elizabeth Childs (rec@ocf)	 Roy S. Rapoport (rsr@ocf)

AGENDA:
	-- ReRegistration
	-- IS&T Planning Process
	-- Budget
	-- Publicity, people
	-- Donations

Keir notes that Staff seems to be unavailable?!
	Marco will further encourage staff to show up for many staff hours.
	Finger staff.hours for the newly extended list!

REREGISTRATION:

	EAP/CO-OP'ers? We will compile a list and deal with the EAP/CO-OP
	official people to confirm that all the people on our list should
	be reregistered.

INFORMATION SERVICES AND TECHNOLOGY PLANNING PROCESS

	In the most recent issue of ``Berkeley Computing'' there was a
	letter bt IS&T Vice Provost Jack McCredie basically stating that
	he is trying to decide what the future of computing resources on
	campus will look like, and is accepting suggestiongs from all.

	Keir then read a letter from Brian Harvey (The OCF's faculty 
	advisor) that marco recieved ealier that day. This letter
	basically said that the OCF *must* submit some sort of proposal
	to the IS&T VP.

	What's going to happen to the OCF in the future? Nobody can say.
	The point is that IS&T is in a period of expansion but does not
	know exactly what ground it stands on. Sadly, everything is 
	amorphous at this time, especially when it comes to predicting 
	what resources will be available in the near future.

THE OCF BUGET (Submitted to the ASUC) :
	Keir has asked for money for lots of misc stuffs including a
	hard drive, paper, toner, *whiteboard pens* (hint) and other
	miscellaneous OCF costs. Keir muses over an OCF spnsored 
	Lecture series and perhaps even SM/GM/staff stipends? In any
	case, this is a reasonable budget, and if the BoD has no problems
	with it, he will submit it to the ASUC.
	(Side note: Marco will badger Cliff about the Ethernet connections)

PUBLICTY
	There hasn't been any! Volunteers? Coganman and jaideep do so.

DONATIONS
	It's slowing down, we're at about $.5k.
	The BoD set an unofficial goal at $3k, will put a MOTD thermometer.

JAIDEEP of ALPHA PHI OMEGA
	Jaideep respectfully requested a group account for Alpha Phi Omega,
	which the Site Manager willingly approved.
