# 10 | 10/30/2024

Directors in attendance:

* lemurseven
* oliverni
* jaysa
* rjz
* laksith
* bplate
* storce
* danliu
* jedakrisnell
* tabi
* sawansri
* jingwenyang
* rsang
* aly
* lukepeters
* kimcpape
* joiew
* fengyihuang
* ncostello
* jingwenyang

  \


Guests in attendance:

* lic
* toke
* jonquitoriano


Meeting Minutes: jaysa, lukepeters, laksith


Quorum for this meeting is 9.


# Agenda


## Appeal


If the user is banned, they shall be promptly notified of the ban and given a chance to appeal the ban at one of the next three future Board of Directors meetings. At that meeting, they will be asked to explain their actions. The Board of Directors then may decide with a ⅔ majority vote by secret ballot to uphold the ban; if the ban is not upheld, it shall be rescinded.


jaysa: Do you know why you were banned?

tastrees: would like to apologize to anyone that might have felt uncomfortable while in the process of being enrolled in the decal. 

Was able to enroll in an additional unit through another dept

The BOD meeting the last time round voted to ban me with a 2/3 majority. 

I like the OCF and would like to work with everyone as a team and be reinstated. Started a channel on slack? was there anyone in particular that I made uncomfortable? text to speech? I'm kinda reminded of the trope of Socrates - don't want to be exiled from the OCF. I want to collaborate with the people at the OCF and FOSS in general.  

storce: you were not taking no for an answer and your actions led multiple staff members to feel uncomfortable not only wrt decal

Some staff members were followed even when they were not talking to you, which was inappropriate

tastrees:  I'm not sure where the following was directed


storce: Essentially you feel that everything was done based on mutual consent

tastrees: I want to flat out deny any harassment allegations

oliverni: would the board like me to go into more of a summary of what happened

kimcpape: some people may not be comfortable with discussing how they were being followed

oliverni: i'll just go over the sequence of events

sep 20: emailed to be late enrolled

sep 22\~ emailed Cindy Conners (CS enrollment mgr) to petition to add the decal, claiming that decal facilitators signed off when they did not

sep 23 - followed an ocf staff member into the bathroom

tastrees denies ^

sep 24 - came into the lab and bothered oliverni and laksith re: decal enrollment, who responded that decal was closed but in case of extenuating circumstances talk to the head decal facilitator, asked whether they were personally on board with them joining the decal, which oliverni and laksith declined to answer

later you dmed the head facilitator saying that I was on board with you enrolling in the decal, which was false

, and some interactions with other ocf members

on 9/25 only left after ocf staff called security

during the week after continued to come to the lab and made ocf staff felt comfortable

jaysa: do you know what exactly made people uncomfortable?

tastrees: not sure how to approach this. ^

I made a trip to Soda to speak to an adviser thinking someone in CS had some connection/ability to enroll me in the Linux decal. Hence why I emailed Cindy, not necessarily trying to bypass facilitators

oliver: however you explicity lied to them in the email

the ocf is volunteer run and we devote a lot of time to it because we enjoy it and want to provide services to everyone.

When you come in and repeatedly ask different people the same thing really strains our volunteer resources. Interactions like that are what drive people out of a community because they don't want to deal with that.

We don't like to ban people, but given that we had to give you an answer repeatedly, call security, etc. that is why we decided to ban you.

We gave you essentially many opportunities to change your behaviour but those were not taken

laksith: It's also not that we were losing our patience very quickly, but we were telling you that enrolling was not possible for about four hours.

I feel like the apology today was not as meaningful as it could have been

Essentially more introspection rather than pulling strings/petitioning

Essentially we gave you a lot of chances but that failed, even today to provide a genuine apology/response but we basically got "sorry I don't think I did anything wrong but if I did make anyone feel that way"


16-1, ban sustained

oliver: let's just move on and def not talk about this in GM 

## RT

* joe: need help with password reset for Calcycling
  * rjz: thought i already did?
* joe: non-studentorg got migrated?
  * message the hostmaster to revert


## Opstaff

* Pay period 4 complete: $3059 off CACCSF
  * gonna check later to see if we have funds for the entire AY
* Y'all the new keyboard is such a blessing, absolutely wonderful
  * ~~IT'S BLUETOOTH~~
  * ~~THE CLICKS AND GENERAL TYPING IS BEAUTIFUL~~
  * ~~THE BUTTONS AND JOYSTICK ARE SO SILLY~~
  * ~~THE KEYCHRONS ARE ALWAYS MWAH~~
  * Excited to see the whole lab decorated with the keychrons (potentially) :)
* From ocf.io/printers Grafana → papercut in rotation but not printing?
  * rjz: will look into it!
  * rjz: noticed 1 printer excluded from either double/single classes
* Providing blue/green books and other on-campus supplies?
  * We always get asked during midterms/finals season
  * Already providing: pens, paper, manila folders, office supplies
  * Pros: students can get their necessary supplies
  * Cons: students may rely on OCF for this, we are primarily a computer lab and not a resource center
  * will look into towards end of semester if we have extra ASUC funds
* Project updates: printing and laminating, Halloween social post, shirt designs, emailing the common printing classes with no response :(
  * tabi: got a response from one of them
  * a chem class said they can put out a poster

## Administrivia

* jaysa: [ocf.io/gcal/ocf](https://ocf.io/gcal/ocf) will be updated throughout sem w/ ocf events
  * since we've got a lot of socials, tech talks, etc planned
  * could also rework ocf.io/hours page someday to replace this
  * may change shorturl lol
* jaysa: contacted SUFMO lead about e-waste bin dates
  * every other week, wed-tue, check ocf.io/gcal/cal
* jaysa: week 10 ASUC regular report is done

## Site

* Keychron keyboards arrived! thanks jaysa
  * I think the plan is to upgrade the rest of the keyboards?
  * jaysa reached out to keychron about volume discount & custom keycaps
  * they actually responded to us already (20% off)
  * talk to jaysa and jingwen if you have thoughts about design
  * print button on the keyboard? :o
* oliver: busy this week, pls try to bother other people if you can
* rjz: available hmu! :3

## BMT Comm

Come volunteer for the Berkeley Math Tournament on Saturday!

* we're hosting 1200 high school students
* proctor tests, run activities, grade, etc.
* <https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScMkG5a5ZBvYIZ8DrVrExlRTGjRaDChwLBbYUx-7R06xASQEw/viewform?pli=1>

## Internal & External

* jaysa: jane street talk on the way
  * aiming to hold during experimental decal timeslot, Thu 7-9PM
* slide show night this Saturday??? 6pm :ballot_box_with_check:
  * move to sunday but we'll need to start earlier cuz mlk closes at 8
* Elliot tech talk next Wednesday!
  * during GM, will send out announcement soon
  * buysheet items


## Design

* jaysa: ocf custom keycaps

## Decal

* Got stickers from JS!!

## Finance

* jaysa: jane street invoice in progress
* sticker sheets ordered? nope

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)


8:01pm