From: adamj
To: ocf
Subject: BoD minutes of 1/29/90


                OCF Board of Directors Meeting 1/29/90


Board members attending:
        Peter Shipley
        Mike Brodhead
        Robert Cullman
        Partha S. Banerjee (general manager)
        Case Larsen (site manager)
        Adam Glass (treasurer)
        Adam Richter
        Drew Dean
        George Herbert
        Peter Kim
        Boyd Montgomery

Guests:
        Marc Hartlein (added to the board)
        Adrian Ho (added to the board)



        The board approved a group account for use by the staff of
a journal concerned with technological issues in law.

        Ron Carelli, our new Hewlett-Packard/Apollo contact, will visit
Berkeley on Wednesday 1/31/90.  The following people will arrange a meeting
between themselves and Ron Carelli:

                Drew Dean 643-3430
                Rob Cullman 548-0673
                Case Larsen 843-3905
                Partha Banerjee 649-7505
                Adrian Ho 526-3528


        Our faculty sponsor, Brian Harvey, reported on his meeting with
Professor Hardyck.  Professor Hardyck cannot provide us with toner
cartridges because IST is presently operating at a deficit, and we
cannot charge for accounts because it seems to be the general opinion
that some campus regulations forbid it.  More research could be done on
this.

        We were also told that Professor Hardyck would like everyone
who is not actually a Berkeley student, faculty or staff member to be
removed from the OCF.  There were many many many objections to this, but
the OCF seems to have no choice but to comply with Professor Hardyck's
request.

        Meeting adjourned.

[My apologies for such sloppy minutes, but I felt that I had to get the
minutes "out the door" so that Drew, Rob, Case, Partha, and Adrian could
get in touch with each other.  Also I have to go to work in 5.5 hours. --ajr.]

