From: dean@pluto.berkeley.edu (R. Drew Dean)
To: ocf@ocf.berkeley.edu

Minutes of the Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting of 1-22-90

The meeting came to order at 7:11pm.

Attendees:
        Case Larsen*
        Parta Banerjee*
        Sean Rouse
        Brian Harvey
        Adam Richter*
        Shelly Louie
        Dan Efron
        George W. Herbert*
        Robert Cullmann*
        Adam Glass*
        Drew Dean*
        M. Scott Clark
* denotes member of board

Meeting with Hardyck on 1-29-90 (Brian Harvery only)
        -What publicity ? - we have ~700 account
        -New HP/Apollo contact

Brian Harvey would like to see more accounts, and Partha gave him an
update on OCF progress and our infastructure problems.  Letter going
out to Humanities TA's to try to get some more users by Adam Richter.
In response to lack of WYSIWIG editor, Adam Richter said "Let them use
emacs !"

OCF budget will be sent to the XCF this week.

Agreement to get a press release out this week.

It was noted that OCF advertising has been paid for with personal
money, prehaps explaining its dearth.

Dan Efron offered to donate 5 copies of _Practical_Guide_to_UNIX

The lack of regular OCF-CCS-IST communication was noted.

The DWB, NFS, and sources are on hold due to lack of disk space, and
legal issues stemming from the takeover of Apollo by HP.

The BoD meeting time for this semester discussion was deferred to next
week when people will know what their schedules are like.  Brian
Harvery can make meetings on Monday or Wednesday evenings.

Brian Harvey will attempt to talk to Nory to get cooperation of
WebAsst's checking IDs for new OCF accounts; the OCF will pick up the
forms from them.

Tutorial - Long discussion of whether to hold tutorials in a classroom
or the WEB -- it was decided to hold tutorials in the WEB biweekly
Saturday at noon starting this week until the end of February.

People who volunteered to sign the registered group form in 102 Sproul:
        Case Larsen, Robert Cullmann, Adam Glass, George W. Herbert
[Note I (Drew Dean) was the fourth signer at approx 2:30pm. 1-23-90]

Hans Reiser arrived at 9:00pm. He gave an update about his meeting
with Prof. Fateman.  Hans left at 9:05pm.

News Flash:  Person who mangled Hans' paper was found quietly and
appropriate (non-public) steps taken.

Scott Clark leaves for Knob's at 9:15pm.

Meeting adjourned at 9:30pm.

