From: welch
To: ocf@ocf.berkeley.edu

The Meeting was called to order at around 7:15 by no one in particular...
Present were:
                Partha
                Robert
                George
                Andrew M.
                Adam, but not really
                Mike
                Sean
                Drew D.
                Adrian
                Marc

Robert said he was "bouncing around like a ping pong ball" working on resolving
the printer issues.  He expects a conclusion by next Thursday. Technical
issues concerning the printers were deferred until the staff meeting.
The price of printing 100 pages was debated to be between $3.00 and $4.00.  HP
calculators were drawn by both Partha and George.  Use of the HP's was debated
as well (Partha - "three plus epsilon...") and a concensus agreed on $3.00.
Problems were reported with monsoon by Adam.

Adam also reported that agate is on it's last leg and we should have our
mail go through some other route.  Work on this was delegated to Adam.

Partha said that he submitted a budget Thursday doctored sufficiently to make
them happy.  Partha - "Adam gets to explain the budget if there are any
problems... My name is nowhere on the budget."  Talk to Partha is you want to
know more.

Partha gave a report on a meeting that took place with Ron Carelli.  Nothing
exactly got resolved.  There should be a bigger meeting next month with him.
It was suggested that Brain Harvey be invited but that decision was deferred
to staff.  Also, it was pointed out that anyone who stands a serious chance of
being general manager should attend. (George, Robert, Hans...)
Partha remarked that he has a great schedule.
He is also going to look into getting us stuff like source, service and grants
as well as stuff from SJC.

About the 100th account...  it was decided more reasonable to take the cutest
person between 995 and 1005.  Mike - "Oh, totally...  This is rad!"  The name
Margaret came up as being a likely candidate and she can be reached, allegedly,
at 644-0491

On the general note of publicity, it was stated that we should take more steps
to make people other than just EE and CS majors aware of our service.   The name
Margaret again came up, this time as one such person.  Mike - "There are other
things to make Margaret aware of".   Adam - "This is idiotic".  Partha - "I'll
make you guys a deal...  Leave our names out of it...  I'll start saying random
shit, and you'll regret it".  No real conclusion was reached on how to get more
publicity for the OCF but Partha said he would get in touch with the Daily Cal
and see about getting us some coverage without having us look like total fools.

Adam stated for the record that he is against proposals in his name being made
without his consent.  Partha maintained his innocence.

On the subject of GAMES:  it would seem that there isn't so much a policy
problem as a public relations problem with the users.  It was suggested that
the signs be changed.  Mike - "I'll change the fucking sign".  Mike to Partha -
"I'll do whatever you want...  (mutter) Margaret".

Partha noted that "Rob displays amazing premonitions".

Back on the subject of games, Partha, on the subject of the comments from users
on the games policy - "People will propose something and I'll tell them they're
wrong".  It was decided that comments would be redirected and the sign would be
changed.

On the subject of BITMAPS:  bitmap or not bitmap?  The idea of a common bitmap
directory was suggested, but then again, we just got rid of one.  A new position
was suggested - "OCF Final Arbitrator of Taste and Fashion". [ ed. note - I want
it, so vote early and often.]  The constitutionality of picking on just bitmaps
for removal to free disk space was questioned but defended somewhat successfully
by Partha.  The president has been established that we have prioritized the use
of console in terms of games and non-games.  It was suggested that compliance be
voluntary.  It was the suggested that we just erase stuff from the larger users.
Partha's eyes were noted as having bugged out at this point.
A great discussion followed.
It was stated "The Board has decided that we don't know what to tell the users".
Mike - "We're not evil".
Partha - "But that would be lying".
Mike proposed a disk quota across the board rather than targetting certain types
of storage.  Partha said we can't say who should have extra space and who should
not.  He also noted that hard quota's are non-trivial on Apollos.  He also said
that he sends himself mail telling himself to free some disk space.  However,
he generally ignores it.

The issue was raised as to when we might put a cap on the number of accounts.
Also, when do accounts terminate?  It was agreed that we should put a field on
the account form asking expected date of graduation.

Mike, at random it would seem - "I'll get you Partha, and your little friend
Margaret too..."
Partha - "It can be like the WEB".

Mike read a proposal for a new sign and it met with general approval.

On the subject of ELECTIONS:  Mike - "Look, let's bail on this".

Mike, Marc, and Andrew M, amused themselves by putting or trying to put their
heads up through the ceiling tiles.

It was decided that the a general election was to be held on next Wednesday at
7:00 pm.  A room will be found by Robert.

The meeting fell apart pretty much at that point.   Partha did want noted
however that he would talk to Ron about the meeting and that he would ask
EJC about a room.

