From welch  Tue Mar 13 23:48:44 1990
Date: Tue, 13 Mar 90 23:48:20 PST
From: welch
To: ocf

If this is your second copy of the minutes, sorry for the extra, but I don't
think everyone got a copy the first time about 12 hours ago...


At somewhere around ten after seven (p.m. that is) the meeting was called
to order by the General Manager.  Members of the Board who were present
include:        Adam            Marc
                Adrian          Mike
                Andrew          Partha
                Boyd            Peter
                Case            Robert
                Drew            Sean
                George          Shelly
As a special guest, David Goldfarb was present as well.

Publicity:
        Partha said that the Daily Cal would get back to him.

CSUA:
        It was noted by Partha that there are CSUA elections in the near future.

EJC:
        No new business other than that we now have a mailbox with them.
        George noted that our budget had been returned unscathed.

Printer Issues:
        Robert reported that after lots of interviewing with various people
                we need to send a memo to Hardyck through Brian Harveyto
                "tell them what we are doing."  No date specified, though
                it was brought up that we need to come up with a solid price
                for printing.
        Adrian said that he was "working on it" with regard to the software
                needed to implement the print quotas.  "Due to circumstances
                beyond my control" it is not yet ready but should be Sunday
                night.
        Robert suggested that we start collecting money now, but objections
                were raised and it was decided that it would be best to wait.
                Until then, we should just discourage people from printing as
                much as possible.
        It was brought up that we must decide how much warning to give users
                before we implement the quotas.  No real conclusion was reached
                though it was generally thought enough time that people would
                know but not too much that they would print out their whole
                directories.
        An official statement was drafted and is follows:
                Printer quotas will be in effect 2 April 1990.  You may pay for
                your quota at any time.  They are payable by check to the Open
                Computing Facility (not OCF).
        A print group was formed consisting of Adam, Adrian, George, Robert and
                Sean.  They should be responsible for collecting money and
                raising quotas.
        Print quota's for staff was discussed though it was decided that we
                would worry about the details later.
Bank:
        Still unresolved.

Elections:
        They are to be held in Room 10 Evans at 7:00 on the evening of the 21st
                of March.  All are invited and encouraged to attend.
        Case brought up that it would be a good idea to implement some rules for
                the upcoming elections.  Ideas included order of elections, the
                offices to be elected, time limits, and rules as to who can
                question who.
        It was decided that a committee should be formed to ponder these issues
                and volunteers were collected.  The committee is to be chaired
                (well co-chaired) by Case and Partha and other members are to
                Adam, Adrian, Boyd, Mike, and Sean.
        A committee on committees was proposed but was generally considered a
                bad idea.
        Andrew volunteered to make a spiffy poster in PostScript for the
                upcoming election.  All the usual stuff should be included
                such as date, time, and place.

Games Rehash:
        David Goldfarb was present to hear first-hand the wisdom of the Board
                concerning the Games Policy.  Our wisdom was made clear to him
                and he was satisfied for the most part with the policy, once
                explained.  Reasons given included were that there is a need to
                establish credibility with people of influence as well as
                serving the needs of those who need to need to do some real
                work.

Apollo Stuff:
        Partha announced there is a meeting with Carelli Wednesday at 10:00 a.m.
                probably at least starting in the CSUA but could move from
                there.  People who said they would be there include Adrian,
                Drew, Case, Adam, and Partha.

The meeting was closed without further ado...
