From welch  Tue Mar 20 18:17:23 1990
Date: Tue, 20 Mar 90 18:17:12 PST
From: welch
To: ocf, pbrown

At around 7:15 it was decided that a meeting would be in order.  However,
all present with the exception of Robert were disappointed that Robert did
not bring enough food for the entire BoD.  These people included:
        Adam                            Marc
        Andrew                          Mike
        Boyd                            Partha
        Case                            Sean
        Drew
as well as Sam and Phillip, neither of whom were members of the Board at the
beginning of the meeting.

Mike noted for the record that Margaret's name had not yet been mentioned at
the meeting.

Case noted that there had been a tech meeting with Morgan which provided some
useful information, such as that a 4500 needs two memory cards of the same
size.  In addition, details of an HP service account were hammered out and
new arrangements for service have been made.  They pay shipping and promise
a three day turn around, well, definitely within five days.  Also, the three
missing machines have been fixed.

Notes regarding IST - Jerry Smith wants baldness/bigbang for spare parts in
case one of ours needs service.  Adam talked to Morgan Milligan who wants a
written statement from Brian Harvey that they aren't doing hardware support.
Partha said basically that if we are doing hardware, then they have no need
for bigbang.  There is no need to mention bigbang in any agreement or letter
from Brian.

Case came forward with the results of a hastily called election committee
meeting of last week.  There should be a limit on the length allowed for
someone running to speak, as well as the amount of questioning through which
they may be put.  Eight minutes should be long enough for a speech and for
cross examination, 45 minutes for the a General Manager hopeful, and 30 for
a potential Site Manager.  Also, if the standing General Manager wishes to
chair the election meeting, he must not be up for election.  Otherwise, a
substitute will be chosen.  Anyone can run, provided they are a student.
No prior experience is required formally, but it sure helps.

Also, on the subject of endorsements, they are acceptable from individuals,
though they may not be given by "the chair" or by someone speaking as an
official of the OCF.  It may be stated that an endorsee is or has held an
though it regarded as a faux pas that someone should give an endorsement
speaking for the organization in which he is/was an officer.  In addition,
is was decided that anti-endorsements were in poor taste.

The game plan for the elections goes like this:
        GM elections
        SM elections
        Treasurer elections
        BoD elections
        Constitutional amendments
It was also noted for the record that CSUA elections are Wednesday night, at
7:00 p.m.

For our elections, we need more publicity.  Thanks again Andrew for the spiffy
sign.

Adam made known that we have 20 tapes but cannot sell them.  Something will
be done with them eventually, however...

He also said that ASUC funding lists would be posted Thursday.  Cal Engineers
was added as a group account today.  We also have around $150.00 in the old
bank account.

There is no EJC meeting this week...

Are the meetings too long?  Most said yes, though Partha was quoted as having
said "I'm here for fun."

Adam said that printers will be ready on time...

Please note there is no meeting during spring break.

The topic of what to do with the OCF over the summer was noted as a good topic
for a later meeting.

It was suggested by Partha that the old admin should get together with the
post-election admin for a smooth transition.

Sam was voted onto the board by an overwhelming majority. (9 yes, 1 Lisp
seg fault)

Again, remember that the election is being held Wendesday night at 7:00 p.m.
in 10 Evans Hall.

Phillip made the reason for his presence known to the Board.  He wanted
a better understanding of why we can't run Apollo X?  It was made clear that
it's been tried and was generally regarded as a bad move.  Also, the site
was set up with the understanding that we would be running 4.3BSD and X11R4
to be in line with everyone else.

Partha, in contemplation of his current status of lame duck stated that:
"It's been fun - watch Partha lie..."

