Minutes of the Spring 1990 OCF Elections Meeting, March 21, 1990.

The meeting was opened with a relatively cheery State of the OCF
address by outgoing General Manager Partha S. Banerjee.  He noted
improved relations with the universtiy, and with HP/Apollo, and that the
printer issues among others were being dealt with by the BOD and staff.

Next, the meeting was turned over to Scott Clarke, who ran the elections 
segment.  

The first order of business was the election of the new General Manager.  
Self-nominated cantidates were Robert Cullman, George William Herbert, and
Case Larsen.  Each gave a quick campaign speech, then the meeting moved into
a fourty five minute question and answer session.  Good questions from the 
floor were accepted, and the general tone was good as opposed to the last
elections q&a session.

The vote was held immediately afterwards by secret ballot, with Case Larsen
winning with 15 ballots of 27 cast.  

The only person to volounteer to run as site manager was Sam Shen.  He was 
elected by nearly unanimous secret vote.

Finally, the BOD nominations were taken, and the following nominated 
themselves:
	Boyd Montgomery
	Roy Rapoport
	Adrian Ho
	George William Herbert
	Robert Cullman
	Andrew MacBride
	Marc Hertlein
	Shannon Appel
	Adam Glass
	Robert Menke
	Henry Chen
	Mike Brodhead
	M. Scott Clarke

All were elected in the following ballot.

Constitutional amendments were then made.  George Herbert brought up the issue
that the constitution did not exactly match ASUC guidelines; it was approved
that the BOD or General Manager would deal with the semantic corrections that
were required.
A second constitutional amendment to the effect that the elections meeting 
would now be held on the third as opposed to the ninth week of each semester
was proposed by Adam Glass.  It was passed by a unanimous show of hands.

The meeting was then called to a close.  The new members of the board were 
noted so that they would be added to the ocf@ocf mailing list.

Congratulations to GM Case Larsen, Site Manager Sam Shen, and the new BOD.

-minutes by George William Herbert


