From welch  Tue Apr  3 15:03:54 1990
Date: Tue, 3 Apr 90 15:03:47 PDT
From: welch
To: ocf

The Board was brought to order almost exactly on time by Case, the new
General Manager.  Other people on the scene included in no particular
order:
                Adam G.                         Adam R.
                Andrew                          George
                Partha                          Sean
                Sam                             Boyd
                Hank                            Robert M.
                Shannon                         Mike
                Scott C.                        Scott D.

The first order of business was to vote Sean back onto the Board so there
would be someone to take minutes.  The vote was 9 to 0 in favor.  (Not
everyone mentioned above was there at the very start of the meeting.)

Case spoke:  He went to the EJC and put something in the E-Week program.
The EJC has their funding but hasn't decided how to divide their money.

Scott C. was voted in as Treasurer.

Case continued:  We have three dead machines back, but they are still dead.
The meeting with Ron has been taken care of...
HP has a grant program and he is looking into getting a piece of it for us.

On the lpd project (Adrian was not present, conspicuously enough...), it
is not yet finished but work continues.

Tutorials:  We a few weeks before anything needs to be done with that.

As for this summer:  Things will be left to those of us who will be left
around.  (Partha was seen rubbing his hands together in glee...)

A standard environment was discussed.  However, the topic quickly changed to
documentation for new users.  It was decided that documentation is good, but
what and for whom needs to be decided.

WHAT:  Mail, editor, X...

WHO:  Those who can't help themselves.

After much debate, tasks were given out, and they went like this:
Scott D. - How to log in, How to log out, and How to change passwords
Robert - Basic Unix(tm) commands
George - How to use mail
Partha - Emacs guide

That was pretty much it.  The meeting broke up a little early and we all
moved down to the second floor...

*Unix is a trademark of Bell Laboratories
