Date: Tue, 24 Apr 90 15:44:38 PDT
From: welch
Message-Id: <9004242244.AA06151@sandstorm.Berkeley.EDU>
To: ocf@ocf.berkeley.edu

The meeting was called to order around 7:10 by Case.  Persons reportedly
present included:
                Mike            Adrian          Robert M.
                Hank            Adam G.         George
                Marc            Shannon         Sean
                Roy             Scott
Partha and the other Scott were also present, though not as Board Members.

Remember that the picnic/general meeting is this weekend, at the Baseball
Park at Clark Kerr.  Everyone should make an effort to attend if possible.

That bank thing should be taken care of Tuesday, but we'll see.

Sam needs to get in touch with HP about the down machines...

Printer Software: DON'T ASK.  As Adrian put it, it's "hard to say" right now.
Issue is now toner as well as software.
We do have the funds for a toner cartridge, but that is special money from
donations.  We could go to Reno and bet black...
Mike Brodhead donated $10.00 in a fit of philanthropy.  In honor of him,
the next toner cartridge will be the Mike Brodhead Memorial Toner Cartridge.
I guess this means we'll have to kill him...

There are approx $15.00 in uncashed checks in the OCF Printer Coffer.

As for the $150.00 we have of our own money, what are we going to do to it?
We could, among other things, buy toner, fund the picnic, or go to Reno...
Just how important is it that we have printing between now and the end of
the semester?  A cartridge would be about a third of our funds.  Partha
explained the types of money we have:
        Donations - we can do with as we please
        Collected - needs to be used for printing
        ASUC - can be used with restriction, but must be accounted for
Adrian may have a toner cartridge donation in the works... but it remains
to be seen.

Summer Issues:  It looks as though we need some type of steering committee
for the summer.  About seven people said they would be around.  Adam suggested
an interim GM and SM.  We basically need a contact person and someone who
can do the 10.2 upgrade.  As for who and how they would be elected, that will
wait until the next meeting when Sam is hopefully present.

In a fit of insanity, Mike suggested that Adam Glass would be the "most
qualified" person for the job of interim GM.  He's had a rough few weeks
and generally will be forgiven after some counseling and rehabilitation.

As for summer accounts, we should make them available, but not really push
them as they can be a bit of a pain in terms of how long they last and
who gets them

Partha spoke as the EJC rep:  We are not a student organization, we can't
get into the EJC until we are such, well not really, and the reason for the
hold up is that Sproul is confused as to our status.

tar's for people who aren't going to be using their accounts over the summer
is a good idea, and should be strongly encouraged.

In installing 10.2, it has been said that it's a good idea to just backup all
the disks since the installation gets messy.  We may be dumping the OCF files
to a temp storage somewhere over the summer, maybe someplace like cory even if
they have the space.   We need Sam however, to discuss this in any serious way.

Another note as to who does what over the summer, should we just elect someone
and let them take care of it?  "I don't think elections have necessarily given
us the best of Board members" - Sean

Scott (the other one) was voted onto the Board, after sneakily going to a
number of meetings disguised as a member.

Partha proposed that we try to move more towards a Robert's Rules format in
conducting our meetings.  He will write up a subset of rules for us to use
and propose them at the next meeting.  In addition, he proposes that while
the GM would normally be parliamentarian, he could fill that position in the
case that Case would rather not act as such.  "Case is sensitive" - Mike

