Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adarshiyer
amyoh
bencuan
etw
jyxzhang
kian
laksith
lmathias
ncberberi
ncograin
njha
rayh
rjz
ronitnath
snarain

Guests in attendance:
kmo

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 9

Meeting Started at 19:13


## Agenda

### New GPUs
 - 4x NVIDIA Quadro RTX A6000 (approx. $20k in value)
 - Will be arriving in 9-12 weeks according to nvidia
 - shoutout to tonylian for drafting the application!
 - now recruiting ppl to help us write hpc tutorials (both for staff training
   and decal): join #hpc and #hpc_grant
 - do we need to purchase new hardware?
     - rjz: we need $$
     - we should open corruption to see if the cards will fit
     - also severe cpu bottleneck
     - slurm good according to nvidia


### What's happening with STF ? ? ?? ??? ?????
- Jason Dones (senator managing STF renewal) sent a letter last week saying STF
  was cancelled due to enrollment cuts
    - but enrollment cuts are cancelled now (thanks Gavin)
    - STF is still being tabled as of now
- Meeting tomorrow at 11:30 AM with Jason and CFO "to talk about where we can
  find funding for you all"
    - probably will be the same funding as this year: CASSA funding for opstaff
      and ABSA funding for hardware/other stuff
    - OCF funding is not included in IREF (planned campus fee to replace STF but
      it's around ~$280 per year instead of ~$60 per year with proposed STF),
      Jason might help to lobby for its inclusion but we don't have any
      guarantees about that
- Jenny McNulty claims IREF and enrollment cuts have nothing to do with STF
  cancellation and that Jason acted unilaterally in cancelling it (we weren't
  consulted about this, although Jason claims he talked with other ASUC people
  about it), wants us to protest to bring back STF at ASUC senate meetings
  (either today at 8 PM or the next meeting after spring break on March 30th)
- Senate meeting at 8pm today
     - Or 7:30 ??? we should join early just in case
     - public comment section for STF
     - fill out form in ASUC agenda now
     - Change as you see fit: "Hello I am x, representing the board of directors
       of the open computing facility. We were notified of a senate team working
       on the STF {recently tabled the bill}, and provided minimal communication
       regarding this. The funding is critical to our operation due to rules of
       how front desk staff can be paid and etc. Can you tell us more about this
       situation, and whether we can get STF back on the table. We know about
       IREF, and don't see why we should be relying on those negotiations to
       fund critical student services." ~ kind of abrasive tbh
 - On hold for updates from today and tomorrow's meetings


### Friday Hours
- Any thoughts from opstaff?
    - Jeda and Isabelle are willing to work 6-8pm fridays
- We need to update the website with these changes
- Spring break hours: saturday definitely happening


### Big Give
- We got $XXXX amount of funding (idk what it is someone fill it in) (it's
  something in the high 1k low 2k range -kian)
- rjz: about $1800? not sure what source this is from
- Nobody knows how to check lol
- Seems to be higher than before ?

### Meet the Staff
- https://forms.gle/bvB2zojmCFf5p3EYA

### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet

### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt
- no new tickets this week


## Committee Check-ins

### University Affairs
 - Meeting w/ Ulises tomorrow
 - Main topics:
     - introducing us/the OCF
     - asking about STF/funding
     - start pushing for building hours again?
 - Ulises should already be somewhat familiar (used to do graduate student
   stuff)

### Opstaff Updates
- Yes to extending Friday hours to 8pm! yay
- Opening lab this Sat? Yes
    - MLK is open during spring break
- Rameesha's social media plan (General goal: make posts about the OCF
  specifically and boost those)
    - Twitter: $125 over 5 days to reach 360-900 people per day
    - Facebook: (only best posts are boosted) $5 a day for a 7 day book to reach
      1k-3k people (create your own audience - Berkeley) $5 a day for 7 days
      ($35 total) to reach 3k-8k people
        - make sure boosts are targeted to berkeley students
        - do we have a specific goal in mind for what we're boosting? (event,
          purpose, etc)
            - gimp shoutout
            - promote ocf services
            - ocf events (infosessions, hackday?)
        - numbers/reach may be exaggerated by social media companies
        - idk if we have a problem with not enough users in the lab ?
        - boost less popular services (like hpc)
- New monitors --> switch back to old environment?
    - xfce is currently unusable on 4k monitors
    - kde has been improved over the last few days
    - plan would be to eventually make all of them kde, but in the meantime
      users might get confused by the different environments on different
      desktops
    - conclusion/action plan:
        - we can't go back to old environment, so:
        - save user feedback in a doc somewhere to fix
        - update the wallpaper to reflect new instructions
            - just make a new one from scratch ?

- Project ideas/suggestions from staff welcome here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TXVl1Snh6WjCIoy6KEHmAblGDC7sYrmvd4Ir1HwWORw/edit?usp=sharing


### SM Updates
- fallingrocks migrated!
    - 10Gbps :) gotta go fast no more big ping
    - slow-ish HTTP on campus network - firewall? IDS?
- disk failure on arsenic?
    - new SSD installed and is working fine
- current SMs need to be added to firewall access list
    - jaw will call campus telecom
- whiteout (print server) upgraded
    - initially there was some issue with printing (especially on kde), culprit
      Tea4CUPS
        - __fixed__ by vendoring t4c and installing Python 2 ;_\;
        - we need to find a new accounting solution eventually
- flood upgraded
    - all is well?
- still pending updates: lightning, thunder, coup, autocrat, bedbugs, firestorm,
  pestilence, etc.
    - EoL is June!
    - we should spin up dev- VMs ASAP
- hozer-55 (Berkeleytime) security ticket
    - outdated redis version or false positive?
    - kev: will be updated by Friday?

### Internal Comm
- Will be sharing committee and interest group updates during general meeting,
  send in #internal-comm (or tell us) anything you'd like us to cover
- or just really anything that people would like to share, we very much
  appreciate content to have for the meetings

### External Comm
- No committee meeting last week due to hack day
    - Will reschedule industry planning meeting to after spring break
- Wipes (I think are here?) => remaining containers are in storage room if
  needed
- Future work with local CS/Data companies
    - Generally stalled
    - Will be following up
- Google Form for staff poster ideas (still open)
    - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe2OCTyoTdCEaRXwdfbF6sLXn3lYpN_YXZbmX-enYHOcc7R7g/viewform?usp=sf_link

### Finance Comm
- stf stuff (see above)
- senate meeting & meeting w/ jason this week

### Decal Comm
 - Come T/Th
 - DO funding request approved but they have some issues on their end, the
   credits should show up by the end of this week
     - no credits yet : They have an issue with adding more than $250 in credits
       to an account.

Meeting Adjourned at 19:59

Notetaker: bencuan
