Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adarshiyer
amyoh
anddone
bencuan
bryli
etw
jyxzhang
kian
laksith
ncberberi
ncograin
njha
rjz
ronitnath
snarain

Guests in attendance:
asai*
kmo*
rmxu*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 9

Meeting Started at 19:14

## Agenda

### STF Updates
 - STF is basically 100% dead at this point rip ``f``
 - We currently have several options:
     1. get ocf onto IREF to be passed for this semester
         - Not ideal because of IREF pushback from students/alums
     3. get stf renewed for next year (and apply for funding in the meantime like cacssf)
         - Uncertain if STF is ever coming back
         - CACSSF funding will probably work, but we need to remember to renew it every year
     5. get ocf fee added to ballot next year
         - Lots of work to do
     7. just keep applying for cassa/cacssf funding year after year
         - If we forget (or are denied / don't get enough funding) one year then rip
 - Meetings with ASUC reps
     - Reason for tabling STF: admins threatened to double charge students (IREF+STF) so ASUC made decision to save students as much money as possible
     - James's plan: make IREF last for 2-3 years, then pass STF 3.0
     - James will negotiate with admin to get $40k/year for opstaff stipends from IREF, rest will be covered by ABSA


**asai:** ocf resolution ($2-3): campus would not administrate such a small fee due to cost of administrating fee being greater than fee itself.
**rmxu:** other student orgs might want this as well, and this kinda fee is approved for more controversial organisations like SUPERB; also i like this everybody holding everybody else as hostage situation
**rmxu:** I would say finding alternate funding might be the best way, trying to get STF now seems pretty unrealistic; STF is something which the campus "blackmailed" the students to pass in the first place as a historical note, and it turns out people like free Adobe and Office even if they need to pay; this is beyond the consideration, in my opinion, of finding $$$ for OCF
**asai:** Campus "IREF is temporary" may be walked back in the future when current generation of students leave
IREF is sus in general due to campus using it as a move to increase tuition fees. Getting onto IREF = bad optics and against public opinion, but it does get us stable funding.
**rmxu:** I think cassa/cacssf is, currently speaking, the best idea for us, unless we can collectively get a student organisation fee with other organisations like I mentioned earlier, make it ~$20 maybe? (think about how much we pay SUPERB); <del>yes campus can veto iirc</del> campus can veto referenda directly; also, there are dollar referenda in 2017 or so, so idk why that's an excuse/issue also paying for bCourses? we pay already tuitions

**what you can do: make noise about the situation**
 - talk to asuc
 - talk to dailycal
 - ocf lab closure????? no
     - asai: apparently this has been done before: when we couldn't pay opstaff
 - make angry reddit posts
 - we control all the student org websites (including asuc)... very nuclear option = take them down or put a banner on websites
 - anddone: ASUC gets kinda iffy when generating money without reporting it through their fundraising  which in itself is iffy
     - rmxu: i'm sure ASUC would be happy if our tuition need to go through them as well lol
         - anddone: As in guidelines

rmxu: I like this idea - just change the "Hosted by OCF" banner to "Help OCF survive!"; after all "[t]he OCF executive committee shall determine the extent to which it is able to provide additional computing services to the ASUC"
    -    Lol.
rmxu: how much can we get only from ASUC funding? or maybe somebody in the OCF run for senator
 - uncertain, they mentioned "emergency funding" so i think if we can justify why we need $x they will give us $x
     - rmxu: according to the bylaw we "provide, to the extent it is reasonably able to do so, computing services", if we have no money, ASUC has no website!
snarain: do we even know if STF funds will keep rolling over? start telling opstaff to pull PRs from STF funds instead of CASSA since we know CASSA will roll over
    - rmxu: iirc last semester STF is on deficit? they are only gonna roll over debt lol

### Meet the Staff
- https://forms.gle/bvB2zojmCFf5p3EYA

### Buy Sheet
- rjz: Do we still want the 11th 4K monitor?
    - ETA April 13, but cancelable
- ocf.io/buysheet

### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt
- no new tickets this week



## Committee Check-ins

### University Affairs
 - Meeting w/ Ulises tomorrow
 - Main topics:
     - STF

### Opstaff Updates
- Fatima will be making graphic for ASUC presentation (re Ben's sketch on opstaff channel)
    - https://drive.google.com/file/d/16yFO-8QMSb5zm5ddbAM8xwseoI_ycBue/view?usp=sharing
    - This is done (Spring 2022 Projects folder under Other)
- Rachel's mouse pad designs
    - https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/10dpOeBKo4ISnPZpQRMmBCIQwJr8acfyW?usp=sharing
    - experimenting with darker colors would be nice (higher contrast maybe?)
    - we can choose multiple designs and alternate (could add to cost tho)
- Shoutout to staff helping out with Meet the Staff social media posts
    - 50 new followers!
- Project ideas/suggestions from staff welcome here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TXVl1Snh6WjCIoy6KEHmAblGDC7sYrmvd4Ir1HwWORw/edit?usp=sharing
- @ficomm ping amy for the full account name on callink (snarain will do it)

### SM Updates
- fallingrocks migrated!
    - we are using HTTPS now for apt for speed
- current SMs need to be added to firewall access list
    - don't know how to do that
- new server delayed by another 3 weeks+
    - will it be delivered by EoS? - rjz
- Project: IPv6-only staff VM
    - we have compute but not IPv4 addresses
    - can use a host for NAT64
    - need to adjust LDAP schemas and puppet configurations
- still pending debian updates: lightning, thunder, coup, autocrat, bedbugs, firestorm, pestilence, etc.
    - EoL is June!
    - we should spin up dev- VMs ASAP


### Internal Comm
- social next sat (4/9), probably lan party/board games in lab
- Will be sharing committee and interest group updates during general meeting, send in #internal-comm (or tell us) anything you'd like us to cover
- or just really anything that people would like to share, we very much appreciate content to have for the meetings

### External Comm
- Continuing club outreach discussion at next meeting
- rt#11332: Policy of Lab
    - Was not there, however should we have small OCF-styled signs to not be excessively loud?
        - Neutral stance
- Google Form for staff poster ideas
    - Need more responses!
    - https://forms.gle/6fco8XHdApjDPBLfA
- Project work
    - Printing larger posters soon + smaller posters (Opstaff design) (Preapprove on Buysheet - will use ASUC funds)
        - Wallpaper versions will be worked on afterwards
    - Adding more staff to digital hours board
    - ncogarin getting responses from clubs (Next meeting)
    - Some interest in PC building sessions for in person tips/help/understanding
        - Typhoon/Staff/Test bench

### Finance Comm
- stf stuff (see above)

### Decal Comm
- Probably need to create a support ticket with billing to try and speed up the process with DO to get the credits needed.
- Hilfinger not on the [current list](https://berkeley.app.box.com/v/inprogressfall22) of CS classes for next semester, maybe retiring?
    - Will need to think about other possible faculty sponsors

Meeting Adjourned at 20:12

Notetaker: bencuan
