Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
amyoh
anddone
bencuan
bryli
etw
jyxzhang
kian
lmathias
ncberberi
ncograin
njha
rayh
rjz
ronitnath
snarain
laksith


Quorum for this meeting is 10

Meeting Started at 19:11

Reminder: Current MLK Building Hours

 Monday 1/17/22 - Sunday 1/23/22
  Monday: Closed
  Tuesday - Friday: 8AM - 6PM
  Saturday: 10AM - 6PM
  Sunday: Closed
 Monday 1/24/22 - Sunday 1/30/22
  Monday - Friday: 8AM - 6PM
  Saturday: 10AM - 6PM
  Sunday: Closed
 Beginning Monday 1/31/22, the buildings will return to our regular semester
 hours:
  Monday - Friday: 8AM - 10PM
  Saturday: 10AM - 6PM
  Sunday: Closed

Sproul Tabling
- Sprouling Lottery Entry Form
- Due 12/21 at 12 pm
- no penguin costume :(

Calapalooza
- 1/26, 1/27 4-6 PM
- https://lead.berkeley.edu/calapalooza/
- past virtual Calapalooza has been pretty chill

Student Union Open House
- Email from Ryan Sessler
- On 2/22/22
- Already Signed up, must opt out
- Swag? Other Ideas?
  - hand out new stickers
- How much commitment from us?
  - as much as we want to, just need to be open really

OCF Re-opening Plans
====================
- Original plan proposed by amyoh:
  - opstaff will work remotely until 1/31
  - as a result, the lab will not open until 1/31
  - one member of opstaff is not returning until 1/30 so it would be simpler if
    everyone followed the same plan; this also allows time for training and
    working on projects
- Thoughts about opening next week instead:
  - high demand for printing/labspace resources
  - can open with reduced hours
  - still allows for training during this week
  - poll for opening on 1/24 - 2 in favor, 2 neutral
  - many people have come by / looked at closed sign
  - we would need to do reduced hours (esp. with building hours)
  - Amy: will pitch reopening to other opstaff in person
- Lab cleanup
  - if we decide to open, can tidy up TV and related things this weekend
  - external will brainstorm + need help from staff
  - regular cleaning plans?
  - should organize some official cleanup plan before opening + establish
    regular cleaning plan
  - probably do something similar to last semester - clean computers / keyboards
    / etc.
  - ex. spend an hour cleaning after other meetings
- We should update the website to remove the fall 2021 banner regardless
  - rjz: Done!
- Additional measures to keep OpStaff safe?
- Anything else?
  - can cleaning and opstaff training overlap?
    - seems fine, can also introduce each other

Staff Meeting Planning
======================
- When will the first meeting be?
  - Maybe after 1/31 so it can be in person?
  - How is recruiting/advertising happening?
  - Any other plans or thoughts?
- Create online interest / recruiting form to hand out during recruiting /
  tabling
- First staff meeting will be Feb. 2 (first Wednesday after)
- First social plans?


Starter Task Development
========================
- We are looking to solve the problem of newstaff feeling lost or not having
  things to do
- Current ideas:
  - Staff training (https://github.com/0xcf/decal-web/pull/400)
    - decal-style tasks per week to get familiar with the infrastructure
    - hopefully newstaff ready to make PRs by ~week 6
    - is this done during GM?
      - that's the idea, be more collaborative / do things together
      - experienced staff be there to answer questions / hang out
  - Adding more resources to gettingstarted
    (https://github.com/ocf/ocfweb/pull/751)
    - Related: updating ocfweb to be more friendly to newstaff
  - More design-related starter tasks (ronitnath, #internal-comm)
  - Coordinate with active groups (HPC, k8s, etc) to make interest-specific
    tasks (bryli, #internal-comm)
- internal-comm meeting to discuss and implement ideas sometime this weekend
  probably
- Please contribute more thoughts/ideas below!
  - insert idea here


Buysheet
========
- NUC (tornado replacement) - the original NUC that was approved last semester
  was not in stock, so bought a different one (costs $55.59 more than original
  reimbursed amount) + SSD + RAM
- CAT6 Ethernet cables x5 for server room (running low / existing ones are
  short)
- USB-C to HDMI cable - purchased for debugging NUC, turns out we don't need it
  but hang on to it anyway in case staff need it
- N95 masks for opstaff / staff x20
  - can we get more? buy this for now
* above items approved
- amazon basics shredder - cross-cut / higher quality shredder
  - if quality is the concern, we might want to look at better ones
  - tabled for now


RT System
=========
- ocf.io/rt
- We should use BoD queue more (?)
    - Resolve old tickets
    - Please add to it if you have any BoD discussion requests
- It seems like help queue is currently in pretty good shape (massive thanks to
  everyone who is helping with that!), but as always if you have extra time to
  contribute it would be appreciated


Committee Check-ins
===================

University Affairs
------------------
- Regular meetings with contacts not started up yet
- Still trying to figure out keycard access
  - snarain bumped old email to Eleanor that didn't receive a response yet
  - seems opstaff aren't on the sheet yet either

Opstaff Updates
---------------
- Opening date poll results
  - 1/24: 2 votes
  - 1/31: 2 votes (Isabelle will be returning on 1/30)
  - No preference: 2 votes
- If we open on 1/24, training session will prob be some time this Friday based
  on when2meet
  - Will train Isabelle separately before her first shift
- Need to get keycard + gsuite accounts
  - njha working on it for gsuite
- Please introduce yourselves to new opstaff!


Internal Comm
-------------
- Starter task planning meeting TBD
- Can get started with social calendar planning
- Socials - what are people's opinions?
  - makes sense to do it after first general meeting

External Comm
-------------
- Planning meeting/discussions TBD
- Recruitment plan for this semester
- Establish contact with community and neighbors
  - B&G MOU: Friday, 5:00 PM
  - Work with other clubs in MLK (BicyCal, etc.)
    - Berke1337 wants to collaborate / maybe merge? (restarted the club last
      semester)
  - New ideas to showcase OCF community for growing
- Prep for reopening and general environment of lab
- Advertising video?

- Ronit: how do we want to handle people with no programming / linux experience?
  wrt amount of effort required to get people up to speed to contribute
  - bencuan: the idea of newstaff training is to help bridge this gap
  - anddone: want to have OCF as a general hub, even for people who don't
    understand everything - e.g. showcase other clubs that might be a better fit
  - ronit: if we're planning to advertise to design/DS backgrounds, we also need
    a plan for how to get them involved / participating
  - bencuan: not everyone is going to want to contribute to infra and we need to
    be able to support that

Finance Comm
------------
- First Meeting:
- Budget?
  - ASUC says we need to make a budget of expenditures from Fall 2021

Decal Comm
----------
- Facilitator kickoff meeting Thursday (tomorrow) at 8pm, ocf.io/decalzoom
  - Come if interested in becoming facilitator this semester


Meeting Adjourned at 20:02

Notetaker: etw
