Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
amyoh
bencuan
bryli
etw
jyxzhang
kian
laksith
ncberberi
ncograin
njha
rjz
snarain

Guests in attendance:
lmathias*
idham

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 10

Meeting Started at 19:36

### Upcoming senate presentation
 - Needs to be scheduled (anyone know how to do this??) (next week? ben: hopefully email the EVP)
     - we have an outdated draft of slides
     - will recycle old slides and put in new staff
     - 
     - email evp@asuc.org, senateadmin@asuc.org
 - Interested in presenting:
     - bencuan
     - ronitnath
     - rjz (slides)
     - etw
     - your name here?
     - 
 - Will hopefully take place in ~~a couple~~ 1 week (after ASUC elections) 
     - hopefully next Wed
 - Main topics: spread awareness of OCF services, pass resolution of ASUC support to fund the OCF

### HPC Updates
 - GPUs arrived!
 - Buy a new node ?????
     - currently only 2 cards installed, + thermal issues
     - new server will cost 8-14k

    - etw: ask for more power?
    - bencuan: do we have the budget to buy the thing?
    - jyxzhang: absa is absa, it makes sense to spend money where its worth it
    - ncberberi: we are getting another ~38k next year, so it should be possible
    - rjz: STF funds?
    - snarain: better to use for opstaff, Jenny hasn't respond yet
        - cc'd main email, not responding
    - jyxzhang: should we start planning out the specs for the new server? 
    - etw: is the psu for hydra still here
    - yes
    - etw: we can get a new 2U server and put disks in there
    - njha: should we blankly allocate 15k?
    - njha: delays AMD?
    - jyxzhang: is it possible to schedule it so that it arrives at the start of the next semester
    - etw: power? 
    - jyxzhang: should we make it a next semester project?
    - etw: intel or amd??
    - order now ish or ordering at the beginning of next sem???
    - bencuan: should we allocate it now?
    - njha: should we just vote to let SMs decide?
    - ncberberi: if there's no real rush to order better to let SMs decide
    * tabled for now

### OCF merch
 - Current status of tshirt orders: Isabelle hasn't heard back yet about pricing
 - Based on form submissions and messages received seems like interest is high
 - We might be able to print 2 designs if cost allows
 - Hopefully order form can go out next week
 - ocf.io/apparel
     - Will probably adjust fonts, sizes, colors
     - blue, pink, and black seem to be most popular color choices (will probably do 1x blue design 1x pink design since waddles is already black)

How do we want to do payment/distribution?
 - pay 100% with miscfunds, then individual purchases get donated back to misc?
 - njha: sgtm
 - jyxzhang: who are people paying?
 - bencuan: someone of us, how to put funds in misc?
 - njha: donate? ocf.io/donate
 - can show screenshot of donation and get tshirt
 - how many to buy?


 - local print shop hasn't responded
 - need to get them in before end of semester
 - Amy: if they don't respond by tomorrow we should find another manufacturer? (customink?)
 - will let ben know if they get back to us
 - plan: try to order by this week
 - need to finalize design, will get in touch with Isabelle and Rachel and coordinate
 - how many feedbacks?
 - paste feedback*
 - 

### Elections
 - Nomination sheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aqMy29HX4MKcUKrEiSexaKDAoC6F38mlsy7i4je5qbM/edit#gid=0
 - This week: \*M nominations
 - Next week: \*M elections, committee nominations
 - Next next week: Committee head elections
 - Dead week (if we have one): conclusion/last bod
 - Will send announcement on discord/slack to tell staff to come to bod for voting and send nominations
 - see sheet


### end of semester showcase???
 - just a random idea i (bencuan) had
 - get interested staff (including opstaff!) to give short presentations on all the cool stuff they worked on this semester?


### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
- can do during staff meeting
- etw: we did in fact just skip buysheet huh?


### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt 
- no new tickets this week

## Committee Check-ins

### University Affairs
 - still no new information about stf/funding situation
     - still waiting for Jenny to reply
     - post ASUC election cleanup
     - Ulises is spreading the word with admin currently, we'll see what happened tomorrow
 - Meeting with Triple C guide staff tomorrow 3pm (ping gm's for zoom link)
     - bencuan: charter committee commissions
     - bencuan: want input from the OCF
     - bencuan: can be an avenue for advertising ourselves
     - ask GMs for zoom link, open to anyone
     - asuc is making manual on chartered programs, committees, commissions and wants our input

### Opstaff Updates 
- Rachel's mousepads (see files starting with "New Darker")
    - https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/10dpOeBKo4ISnPZpQRMmBCIQwJr8acfyW?usp=sharing 
    - jyxzhang: should we vote on these as well?
    - bencuan: lead time?
    - amyoh: hasn't looked into logistics yet, 
    - bencuan: we could do that, someone needs to do it
    - bencuan: cutting it close now
    - jyxzhang: would it be a big deal if we postpone to next semester?
    - bencuan: summer?
    - bencuan: ATDB students will appreciate the new mousepads :\)
    - amyoh: will let rachel know that logistics
    - bencuan: will do our best to make it happen this sem
    - amyoh: questions?
    - none
- OCF totebags
    - Nerissa looking into
    - really want to make it (all opstaff)
    - gauge interest for staff
    - bencuan: can add to form too
    - (a lot of people expressed interest)
    - ncberberi: ocf backpack where lol
- Hiring Opstaff for Fall '22
    - should start advertising for next semester
    - want to talk to GMs
    - ben: how many to hire?
    - amyoh: 2 more, replacing amyoh and nerrisa
    - bencuan: were you involved in previous hiring cycles?
    - amyoh: no
    - snarain: do you have someone in mind for OM next semester? amyoh: will follow up
    - bencuan: try to see who was involved previously
- Possibility of Opstaff-specific merch?
    - (jeda)
    - want to know if its possible
    - bencuan: don't see why not
- Fill out Meet the Staff form: https://forms.gle/bvB2zojmCFf5p3EYA 
- Project ideas/suggestions from staff welcome here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TXVl1Snh6WjCIoy6KEHmAblGDC7sYrmvd4Ir1HwWORw/edit?usp=sharing

### SM Updates
(NEEDS UPDATE)
- nothing new...?
- corruption - fixed slurm
- thermal issues :\)

### njha updates
- cto meeting
    - next Wed
    - autolab and OCF
    - not sure what they want us to talk about
    - tell njha what to bring up
- server delayed
    - AMD delays
    - 
    - no ETA
    - likely to arrive in the summer 
- new ip addresses
    - for decal VMs also we are running very low on IP
    - can we justify new IP ranges?
    - or IPv6 + NAT
- ocfsnacks
    - bought a bunch of snacks
    - please replenish drinks in the fridge
    - bencuan: snack round 2 is coming

### Internal Comm
- ice skating social on Sun, meet at bart at 12pm, event 1-3pm
- going to talk about \*m and committee head elections tonight
intermission 8:17

### External Comm
(NEEDS UPDATE)
- Cal Day 2022 Tabling (Saturday, April 23rd 9 AM - 4 PM)
    - Form ends tomorrow or until all spots are filled, Should join!
    - update: form closed 4/7
        - Need people who can table, short-staffed
- Continuing club outreach
    - If Daily Cal is 'saved' in ballot, contacted and may be able to provide material in OCF
    - Clubs working with/responded
        - IEEE
        - CSUA
        - Need to send material to Art Studio/Design Lab
- Project work
    - Prepping ideas for STF outreach
    - Adding more staff to digital hours board
        - Let me know where the SD cards are if ordered
    - Have 2+ staffers for holding PC building sessions for in person tips/help/understanding
        - Typhoon/Staff Rebuild/Test benching
- Google Form for staff poster ideas (Bumped again)
    - Need more responses!
    - https://forms.gle/6fco8XHdApjDPBLfA

### Finance Comm
 - no
(NEEDS UPDATE)
- Jenny is still ghosting us on our STF questions, so we still don't know / have any guarantees that our STF funds will continue to roll over
    - If STF funds don't roll over for next year, then we're screwed for funding next year. We should maybe tell James or Henry or someone else in the ASUC about this uncertainty
 
### Decal Comm
- DigitalOcean is still not applying the credits
- PR to remove DO sponsorship mentions
- we have -700$~ balance
- Time to do it:
    - https://decal.ocf.berkeley.edu/pr/PR-432/
    - https://github.com/0xcf/decal-web/pull/432

Intermission at 20:17

Meeting Adjourned at 20:40

Notetaker: rjz
