Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adarshiyer
amyoh
bencuan
bryli
etw
jyxzhang
kian
laksith
ncograin
njha
rjz
rmxu

Guests in attendance:
dapark

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 9

Meeting Started at 19:10

## Agenda

### Coffee chat debrief
How did it go?
- low attendance (?)
- jyxzhang: went pretty well, plenty to talk about (~1hr?), 30mins is too long == lie
    - possible signs of good retention?
    - people who sign up for coffeechats tend to be more invested anyways
- kian: also stayed full hour and got food
    - Q&A about interest groups
- rjz: nobody came :(
- lots of empty slots, we should announce it earlier
- tell newstaff to show up to staff hours? usually not that busy

### New Kubernetes Nodes
- njha decided to speedrun the purchase
    - approved by asuc (see officers@): asuc can fill out credit application and
      it will take a bit longer. alternative: pay them upfront
    - credit application seems complicated
- assume we have like $30k less to spend
    - ok so who has 30k credit limit (i don't think urgency is much of an issue - rmxu)
- quote is in officers@
- 4 week lead time (after payment)
    - if we purchase now it might arrive during spring break
    - should be ok (?) worst case gets delayed or held
    - purchase request will say ASUC and not UCB
- plan: send past server purchase info to vendor. if previous billing contact
  accepted, then we don't need to worry about payment for now. otherwise, send
  them the check
- vote on plan above:
    - approved unanimously
- colocation will also take 3-4 weeks (spring break logistics?? njha: don't
  worry since they are on research calendar)

### Campus IT Printing Interrogation
- Campus is planning on unifying printing resources across libraries using
  papercut (the software, not our printer)
    - Papercut is very proprietary => ocf will not adopt
- Modernizing OCF Printing infrastructure
    - Papercut will be significantly more usable than logging in
    - Return to remote printing even w/ in person?
- Main concern: if lab users want to print >20 pages, there is no set policy for
  how we can give more pages
    - We currently (officially) turn them to other libraries
    - Maybe we should just allow staff/opstaff to give pages on request within
      reason?
- We should do a user survey to fine-tune our print quota and justify why our
  system works
- njha: they can pay ocf directly for pages? (later changed mind.. this is bad
  idea)
- etw: we probably won't even consider it unless papercut can integrate with
  cups
- general sentiment of bod: ocf is not interested in joining a unified system
  under the current plan
    - unless campus uses open source implementation (??)

### After Hours Access (again)
- authorized users keep getting kicked out
- seems like MLK staff do not have an updated roster of who is authorized
- Sharay not responding
- we will bring this up with Sarah in our meeting tomorrow
- possible task for externalcomm: start emailing/speaking with other MLK
  orgs/users to start discussing a unified request for better after-hours access
- ask ASUC senator about this? (we got an email)


### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
- Add more items to buy this semester: ocf.io/buy
    - monitors (take 3)
        - approved
        - 11x to replace 3 rows of single 1080p monitors

### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt
- no new tickets this week

## Committee Check-ins

### University Affairs
Currently on agenda to discuss on Thurs:
 - After hours access
 - Keycard policies (about the scanner) / who to ask
     - DDR machine not using anymore, but might still use for front desk
 - Anything else?

### Opstaff Updates
- Rationale behind Fatima's tray on the buy sheet --> to open up more space for
  paper cutter and hole puncher (can take out shelves to put in staplers)
- Social media content
    - Twice a week (i.e., meet the staff, tech tips)
    - Is there a separate channel for discussions around social media content?
        - #external-comm
    - no fb access
    - ask kmo
    - Please fill out Jeda's form! https://forms.gle/bvB2zojmCFf5p3EYA
- Which fund are we pulling from for reimbursements? (i.e. flyers, posters)
    - asuc funds
    - put on buysheet
    - must have asuc logo
- Suggestions/ideas for opstaff projects
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TXVl1Snh6WjCIoy6KEHmAblGDC7sYrmvd4Ir1HwWORw/edit?usp=sharing

### SM Updates
 - error on one of riptide's SSD, RMA'd
     - replacement received, resyncing
 - errors on scurvy's SSDs, partially RMA'd
 - server reboot/upgrade
     - complete!
     - some venvs broken, needs to be regenerated by the user
 - colocation ticket created, eta 4 weeks

### Internal Comm
- Nothing this weekend
- Hiking social (Mar 5)
- Hack day (Mar 12)

### External Comm
- Meeting sat. 2-3pm
- Current Operations:
    - Create promotional flyer handouts
        - Update OCF board flyers (Libraries, etc.)
        - Mailing letter to Alum + OCF users
        - Future work with local CS/Data companies
    - Follow up with MLK groups
        - Art Studio
        - Creative Lab
    - Contacting large parties for promotional material/gear/posters (Add more!)
        - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1--f2B7OZDD2FDoiXcbIINTVwOERAuKBkjf3iVnfVt_g/edit
    - njha following up with AWE

### Finance Comm
- Email from ASUC senator Jason Dones ("[ASUC] Increased Funding for OCF")
  wanting to meet "regarding the Student Technology Fund and about increasing
  OCF funding"
    - Need to respond and schedule a time
    - Who is interested in attending?
        - gm's
        - where is ronit :|
        - @ficomm dm us (gm's) so we can schedule
- Big Give starting on March 10th
    - I (snarain) forwarded an email to officers@ regarding some details
    - Should advertise to alumns and current students
        - We need misc funds for our socials and **alumni dinners**.
- Met last Friday
    - Mostly discussed monitors
- ABSA application due March 5th
- Custom OCF mousepads (need design)
    - can be an opstaff project
        - hopefully someone is assigned to work on this

### Decal Comm
 - Come T/Th
 - DO funding request approved but they have some issues on their end, the
   credits should show up by the end of this week 

Meeting Adjourned at 20:12

Notetaker: bencuan
