Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adarshiyer
amyoh
anddone
bencuan
bryli
etw
jyxzhang
kian
laksith
lmathias
ncberberi
ncograin
njha
rjz
snarain

Guests in attendance:
ronitnath*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 9

Meeting Started at 19:13


## Agenda

### After Hours Access (part 4)
- seems like building staff is still kicking out people for not working on
  "emergencies"
- should we start pushing harder for better after-hours access?

### Hack Day Prep
 - currently planned schedule:
     - lab will be closed to public during event
     - 1-5pm work time
     - get lunch into lab at 1:30ish
     - optional staff training 2-3pm (making pr's, etc)
     - optional social activities (board games etc) 4-6pm
 - do groups/committees have any plans?
     - web group is going to do html/css/vue bootcamp
     - set up kde
     - set up ci
     - fix jukebox?
     - jukebox-rs
     - email alums to chill in the lab during hackday?

### OCF mask policy
 - current policy (and also university policy): masks not required indoors
 - possible reasons for ocf mask mandate:
     - bad ventilation
     - we can make rules for our own space
 - possible reasons for no mandate:
     - be consistent with university policy
     - health reasons are not entirely compelling covid-wise
     - harassment of the people that are enforcing it?
     - difficult to enforce
 - we would have to discuss this with building staff
 - print out campus-provided infographics on mask policy

### Friday Hours
- Building closes at 10 now
- Should we extend hours?
    - Depends on OpStaff availability
    - We will discuss this with opstaff
    - Amy: theoretically feasible


### Big Give
- Do we have any plans?
- Opstaff flyers posted!
- $7500 reward for most unique donors (?)
- https://givingday.berkeley.edu/giving-day/41247/donate Everyone needs to give
  $10 to miscfunds -> then we get massive benefit
- ocf is currently #1 on leaderboard yay

### Meet the Staff
 - https://forms.gle/bvB2zojmCFf5p3EYA
 - see example post: https://www.instagram.com/p/Ca3BJE4vOOv/
 - required for gm/sm

### Use Jitsi instead of Google Meet
 - FOSS good, google big corpo bad. We are OPEN Computing Facility
 - Jitsi is actually good too so not sacrificing usability
 - https://meet.jit.si/
 - https://meet.jit.si/WestPossessionsForbidWorse
 - https://moderated.jitsi.net/
     - for static links w/ moderation
     - 1 click solution
 - gmeet is integrated with our gsuite
 - ig we're using gsuite anyways so the hit on foss isn't really that much by using meet too
 - ronitnath: we should take the effort to do more substantial things re foss
   activism than changing platforms
 - no access control (?)


### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
- Herman Miller chairs for opstaff
    - not putting one on the floor at eruption / staff desk because it's not
      going to stay there


### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt
- no new tickets this week

## Committee Check-ins

### University Affairs
 - Sarah has left (as of tues. 3/8)
 - new interrim advisor: Ulises Serrano
     - will get in touch soon (tm) but have not yet

### Opstaff Updates
- Mask policy
    - Unanimously, opstaff want to enforce masks in the lab
    - However, if we cannot enforce this, we are looking to/ideas that came up:
        - Post a "Masks Highly Recommended" poster in the lab
        - If users aren't wearing masks, check for vax cards
- More Big Give promotion on social media
- Rachel currently designing custom mouse pads
- Merch ideas (pins, keychains, sweaters)
- Can we get rid of the desktop boxes in the lab?
- Sticker sheet feasible?
- Project ideas/suggestions from staff welcome here:
  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TXVl1Snh6WjCIoy6KEHmAblGDC7sYrmvd4Ir1HwWORw/edit?usp=sharing

### SM Updates
- CVE-2022-0847 (Dirty Pipe) == basically free root, desktops / death / tsunami
  patched the day the vuln was made public, we should reboot hypervisors to
  apply kernel update Soon™ (this weekend?)
  - we should ASAP
- fallingrocks migrated by EoM (most likely in 2 weeks)
    - was almost ready but they didn't provision an IPv6 subnet :(
- y2k should be fixed
- disk failure on arsenic? -> buy new SSDs?
- UniFi AP installed ✨ (can we move it ;-;)

### Internal Comm
- Hack day this Saturday 1-6pm
- Will be sharing committee updates during general meeting, send in
  #internal-comm (or tell us) anything you'd like us to cover

### External Comm
- Current Operations:
    - Saw Opstaff flyers, will get laminated/postered version made for
      lab/external advertising
        - Update OCF board flyers (Libraries, etc.)
        - Mailing letter to Alum + OCF users
    - Future work with local CS/Data companies
        - Three responses back (out of 7ish)
        - Still discussing content/sizing
        - Will be doing more industrial relations type content, come to meeting
          3/12 for discussion (tech talks, resume workshop, etc)
    - Contacting large parties for promotional material/gear/posters (Add more!)
        - No response from Nvidia or Keychron
    - Google Form for staff poster ideas
    - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe2OCTyoTdCEaRXwdfbF6sLXn3lYpN_YXZbmX-enYHOcc7R7g/viewform?usp=sf_link

### Finance Comm
- ABSA submitted!
- Big Give tomorrow (March 10th)
- Advertising Voting on STF
    - Maybe make a flyer
       - External can design something, ideas would help a lot!
    - Posters for lab
    - Changing desktop wallpapers?

### Decal Comm
 - Come T/Th
 - DO funding request approved but they have some issues on their end, the
   credits should show up by the end of this week
     - no credits yet: They have an issue with adding more than $250 in credits
       to an account.

Meeting Adjourned at 20:08

Notetaker: bencuan
