Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adarshiyer
amyoh
anddone
bencuan
bryli
etw
jyxzhang
kian
lmathias
ncberberi
ncograin
njha
rayh
rjz
snarain

Guests in attendance:
dapark

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 9

Meeting Started at 19:12

### New Kubernetes Nodes
- purchased the server itself, drives are on buysheet this BoD (technically
  already approved but let's approve them again anyway)
- lead time should be ~4 weeks
- 3 year warranty woooo
- receipt in officers@

### ASUC/STF finance discussion
 - ficomm+gm's met with ASUC Senator Jason Dones last friday
 - main takeaway: two competing funds, stf and university tech fee
 - what are we actually using this money for?
   - servers
   - desktops
   - opstaff
   - lab maintenence costs
   - let's get some talking points going?
   - "the aws of berkeley"
   - "ocf saves the university x amount of thousands/millions of dollars"
 - university tech fee info:
   - does not include funding for ocf
   - does include funding for bcourses, gsuite, zoom, other critical services
     (slightly questionable)
   - not put up to vote by students
   - opposed by asuc
 - stf info:
   - will hopefully be put up to vote this semester (around april)
   - does include ocf funding
   - increased funding from past stf (will also be raised like 5% over the next few years)
 - cosponsors for stf?
   - prefers individuals
   - respond to email
   - see officers@ email

### After Hours Access (part 3)
- should be fixed now!
- see email in officers@: sharay should have updated the roster for emergency access
- based on wording in email it seems like they can probably (?) still kick us
  out if it's not an emergency so make sure you're actively working on stuff if
  staying after hours
- rjz: still got asked, showed email and it worked ok
  - seems like the roster still didn't get updated ??


### Committee/group updates during staff meeting
 - be prepared to share a bit about what your group has been doing in the past
   couple weeks / what you are planning to do soon during staff meeting

### Meet the Staff
 - see jeda's post on #opstaff and #administrivia
 - https://forms.gle/bvB2zojmCFf5p3EYA

### What do we do with all the old monitors
 - mount them on the pillars and show cool stuff?
 - make a giant tiled display
 - chuck them in the trash?
 - donate them somewhere (someone)?

 ### New monitor status updates
 - 4 (now 5... thx njha...) of the new 4k monitors installed
 - in the middle of setting up KDE on desktops since XFCE doesn't like HiDPI
   - other than the lockscreen, everything seems to work right now
   - should probably switch apps to KDE apps instead of XFCE apps
   - planning to roll out KDE to the rest of the lab too

### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
- Add more items to buy this semester: ocf.io/buy
  - usb cables (A to C)
    - for allowing users to plug the monitors (with keyboard/mouse) into their
      own laptops
    - setup: Computer <-A to C cable-> (connector sitting on desk) <-normal C cable-> monitor
    - computer peripherals plugged into monitor
    - desktop display still over DP (not thru USB-C)

### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt
- no new tickets this week

## Committee Check-ins

### University Affairs
 - Sarah is leaving :((
 - new interrim advisor: Ulises Serrano
   - will get in touch soon (tm) but have not yet
 - keycard stuff should be resolved
 - other mlk orgs have also reportedly been complaining about nonresponsiveness
   of building staff

### Opstaff Updates
- Isabelle posting flyers around Berkeley
- Social media posts going up this week
  - Please fill out Jeda's form (opstaff will be featured too)
- Where to upload sticker designs?
  - see bencuan's post on #opstaff
- Suggestions/ideas for opstaff projects
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TXVl1Snh6WjCIoy6KEHmAblGDC7sYrmvd4Ir1HwWORw/edit?usp=sharing
- external + opstaff collab for lab space projects?
  - for everyone: make sure to post updates for flyers, posters, etc. in both
    #external-comm and #opstaff for best visibility

### SM Updates
 - error on one of riptide's SSD, RMA'd
   - replacement received, done!
 - errors on scurvy's SSDs, replaced!
 - fallingrocks migrated by EoM (most likely in 2 weeks)

### Internal Comm
- Hiking social (Mar 5)
- Hack day (Mar 12)
  - mostly for learning for newstaff
  - get lots of good work done :D

### External Comm
- Meeting Sat. 2-3pm
- Current Operations:
  - Create promotional flyer handouts
    - Update OCF board flyers (Libraries, etc.)
    - Mailing letter to Alum + OCF users
    - Future work with local CS/Data companies
      - Responses back
  - Follow up with MLK groups
    - Art Studio
    - Creative Lab
  - Contacting large parties for promotional material/gear/posters (Add more!)
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1--f2B7OZDD2FDoiXcbIINTVwOERAuKBkjf3iVnfVt_g/edit

  - ![](https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/uploads/upload_b79cd9f7c985f6a86d3aebea08872b7c.png)
  - Feedback
    - "Smells like celery" (lol)
    - clorox wipes
    - oh wow look, ocf is a thing that exists (more promo, more flyers) (not
      open printing facility)
    - feedback from cs/data groups (TBA)
    - send email to alums (newsletter?)
    - big give

### Finance Comm
- Meeting this Friday @ Lab from 5-6
  - Need to submit ABSA (due March 5th)
- Big Give starting on March 10th
  - Forwarded an email to officers@ with our donation link
  - Should advertise to alums and current students
    - We need misc funds for our socials and alumni dinners
- Good chunk of our ABSA has been spent
  - What's left to buy: paper, custom mouse pads?
- There are roll-over STF funds which we may opt to keep as emergency funds or
  spend some of it to allocate hardware as well
  - opstaff getting paid from casa funds

### Decal Comm
 - Come T/Th
 - DO funding request approved but they have some issues on their end, the
   credits should show up by the end of this week
   - no credits yet (??)

Meeting Adjourned at 20:00

Notetaker: bencuan
