	     Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting
			Thursday, October 14, 1993

Present at this meeting: (BoD Members denoted by a *):

*Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf)              Peter Mardahl (peterm@ocf)
*David Shy (shyguy@ocf)                 *Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)
*Chris L. Williams (clw@ocf)            *Johnathan W. Lin (jwlin@ocf)
Partha S. Banerjee (psb@ocf)            *Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)
Julian Leong (jules@ocf)                *Lars Nathan Smith (lars@ocf)
Marco E. Nicosia (marco@ocf)            Thomas Cheshire Moor (moray@ocf)

Absent BoD Members:
(none)

AGENDA:

 o Announcements
 o Group Accounts Policy
 o Guest Accounts Policy

The meeting was called to order by Keir Morgan, General Manager, at
approximately 7:14 p.m.

ANNOUNCEMENTS:

We're looking into getting some of the old TCS terminals for installation
in the WEB.

Keir and Rune will try to get in touch with VP Jack McCredie about the
status of our proposals.  His email address is mccredie@uclink.

Site Manager's Report: //bigbang was reformatted this week
	Old staff members did not have a good turn-out at the staff meeting
Wednesdeay.  Lars will try to get more of them to show up in the future.

Rune gave a short report of the relevant information from the last CCCPB
meeting.

GROUP ACCOUNT POLICY:

A rather long discussion of the group policy was held.  A proposal for
changes to the 1989 policy was provided by Rune (attached).  The first
amendment to the proposal was changing the phrase "official university
group" in the first new paragraph to read "group recognized by Student
Activities and Services or sponsored by a University Department"  This
amendment was approved by a 5-0-2 vote.

The second amendment to the proposal was transposing the order of the
second and third sentences of the new second paragraph.  This amendment
was approved by a 5-1-1 vote.

The third vote was to decide which groups (if any) should have to pay
a fee for a group account.  The voting was as follows:
	1	All groups pay
	0	No groups pay
	4	Non-university groups pay
	1	Abstention

The fourth amendment to the proposal was to delete the entire second
paragraph from the policy (no fees at all).  This amendment passed 5-0-1.

At this point the entire proposal to change the bylaws for group account
policies, as amended, was voted on by the board and passed 5-0-1.
(Approved policy also attached).

GUEST ACCOUNT POLICY:

This subject was tabled.


The meeting was adjourned at approximately 8:35.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------
PROPOSAL MADE BY RUNE:
Here are my proposed changes to the group account policy.  Please mail
comments/suggestions/errors to me or to bod.  Old text to be removed
marked with O>, my new text is marked with N<.

O>	* Any official university student group may apply for a group
O>	  account.
N<	* Any official university group may obtain a group account by
N<	  contacting the Site Manager.
	  Other organizations require the approval of the Board of
	  Directors.

O>	* Group accounts will be charged a $10/semester fee.  Summer
O>	  group accounts will be $5/semester, as will be group
O>	  accounts created after Friday of 7th week of classes during
O>	  the semester.
N<	* Group accounts for groups not officially recognized by the
N<	  university are subject to a $10/semester fee.  If the account
N<	  is created after Friday of the 7th week of classes during the
N<	  semester the fee will be reduced to $5.  These accounts will
N<	  also be subject to a $5 fee for summer session.
	  Until a treasurer is selected, this money
          should be given to the general manager.

O>	* Group accounts will be subject to a 1 megabyte quota.
N<	* Group accounts will be subject to a quota equaling one half
N<	  of the regular user quota.

        * Because group accounts create an opportunity for anonymous
          malicious hacking, OCF rule violations done with group accounts
          will be handled much more strictly than with user accounts.

	* Group account passwords may not be distributed to people who
O>	  aren't members of that group.
N<	  aren't members of that group or who are not eligible for a
N<	  personal OCF account.

        * Group accounts must answer any mail they get from the system
          administration within a week.

        * Group accounts must at all times have one user who is
          responsible for that group account, and must provide a
          non-email contact for that person (e.g., a phone number).

N<	* Group accounts must be listed in a public file maintained by
N<	  the Site Manager, currently /usr/local/OCF/Group_Accounts.

        * Group accounts are intended to build a sense of community.
          Therefore, we also require the following information in
          their .plan files:

                - Description of the organization.
                - Ways to get involved with the organization.
                - How to get in touch with the person responsible for
                  the account.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
GROUP ACCOUNT POLICY AS APPROVED:
This is the Official OCF Policy on Group Accounts as approved by the Board of
Directors on October 30, 1989 and amended on October 14, 1993.

	* Any group recognized by Student Activities and Services or
	  sponsored by a university department may obtain a group account
	  by contacting the Site Manager.  Other organizations require the
	  approval of the Board of Directors.

	* Group accounts will be subject to a quota equaling one half
	  of the regular user quota.

        * Because group accounts create an opportunity for anonymous
          malicious hacking, OCF rule violations done with group accounts
          will be handled much more strictly than with user accounts.

	* Group account passwords may not be distributed to people who
	  aren't members of that group or who are not eligible for a
	  personal OCF account.

        * Group accounts must answer any mail they get from the system
          administration within a week.

        * Group accounts must at all times have one user who is
          responsible for that group account, and must provide a
          non-email contact for that person (e.g., a phone number).

	* Group accounts must be listed in a public file maintained by
	  the Site Manager, currently /usr/local/OCF/Group_Accounts.

        * Group accounts are intended to build a sense of community.
          Therefore, we also require the following information in
          their .plan files:

                - Description of the organization.
                - Ways to get involved with the organization.
                - How to get in touch with the person responsible for
                  the account.
