	     Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting
			Thursday, October 21, 1993

Present at this meeting: (BoD Members denoted by a *):

*Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf)              Peter Mardahl (peterm@ocf)
*David Shy (shyguy@ocf)                 *Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)
*Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)              Andrei Cogan (coganman@ocf)
*Lars Nathan Smith (lars@ocf)           ERic Mehlhaff (mehlhaff@ocf)
Marco E. Nicosia (marco@ocf)            Michael Scheel (ekim@ocf)
*Johnathan W. Lin (jwlin@ocf)           Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)
Michael Stoddart (stoddart@ocf)

Absent BoD Members:
*Chris L. Williams (clw@ocf)

AGENDA:

 o Announcements
 o Purchases

The meeting was called to order by Keir Morgan, General Manager, at
approximately 7:12 p.m.

NEW BOD MEMBERS:

Andrei Cogan asked to be added to the board.  He stated that he must leave
meetings at 7:45 for work but would like to be on the board.  The board
voted 5-1-0 to accept Andrei to the board.

ANNOUNCEMENTS:

VP McCredie just got back from EduCom so might get back to us regarding
our proposal soon.

We are getting a Stardent donated, but it currently doesn't boot.  We'll
try to get it working and find machine room space for it.

UCLink looks like it probably won't be adding new accounts in large
numbers for a while (measured in months).

Help sessions are going well, this week's topic is security.

PURCHASES:

Marco proposed that we spend some of the money raised in the donation
drive on Apollo-specific hardware since we don't have enough for any
significant purchases outside of our current architecture.  After some
discussion, his final proposal was:
	Allocate up to $500 of the donation monies at the discretion
	of the General Manager and Marco for the possible purchase
	of--
	1) HDD controller
	2) 4MB memory cards
	3) Ethernet card
	4) 170MB HDD with controller
This proposal was approved 5-0-1 by the board.


The board agreed to schedule a general meeting for November 4, two weeks
away.

The meeting was adjourned at 8:01 p.m.

