Meeting Starts 7:24 PM

sanjayk
alanw
simplyhd
wchan
sherryg
Han
Mike
Genevieve*

* = not on BOD

Supernova Status
Supernova is the most important server because it's the domain controller and does networking & authenticating. It is needed to log into Windows and print for all of the machines. On Friday, we noticed that it was slow. On Monday, a decision was made to rebuild it and it was to be put on its own hardware, but the build didn't work as planned. Networking was still broken. It's documented on the wiki that you need to edit something in the proc server....

Drivers had not been installed right. ON Tuesday, since we set up an ad hoc network, stuff was shaky and slow. It was fixed towards the end of Tuesday. Now smbprofiles are on epidemic instead of famine, which is much more powerful. Epidemic is one of our powerful machines, said that it was too hot because the AC was broken (Mike talked to people and got it fixed).

AC broke - servers overheating

We have a survey online and people are entering it and getting users to answer. Some people said that a remote approve script may be a good idea. Mike and I have kind of ironed out the details on how to implement this.

Alan: That means we won't really have stuff for new staff to do.

Sanjay: So we'd have to change up the stuff we give to new staff.

Alan: Though there are plenty of things to do. We have a project page on our wiki, but we have not discussed this. So you guys should look on the project page for things to do.

Sanjay: Queries to the server, error-checking, you can approve account - all that is taken care of. All you have to do is design a UI. Username suggestions need to be ironed out.
Alan: We need a new website to be designed: taking our account form and making it into a website.
Sanjay: Our current approve code is about 1500 lines and this will probably be 750 lines (front-end).
Alan: Those are the two that we need to do, I will send it to Wilson. Han are you working on anything?
Han: I have been kind of working on chpass.
Sanjay: As long as it's solid by the end of the semester, that it's safe and intuitive. I think the current chpass is good but there are UI issues and reliability issues because I did it quickly. Ask one of us for what was wrong with my chpass.

Mail
Sanjay: The biggest insight is that people don't use their mail, and that people who would use mail may use it if the space was larger. We don't have the storage to deal with it now. For the people who do use it, we could increase the quotas. Since people now would use it if the space increased. 
Alan: Mike pointed out that we would have to change our mail server to increase quotas.
Sanjay: Jordan needs to finish fixing blackhole, and I've given him a deadling (end of the semester)

Color printing
Sanjay: Mike was supposed to do it, but it is easy for someone else to do. Do research on how much color printing will cost so we can figure out a rate.
Genevieve: Someone's done it before: sle and Mike. It costs around 10 pages. But we don't have the data on that particular printer (though maybe Mike has it).
Sanjay: If things were there people would use it so the question is should we provide it?
Alan: People don't use it.
Sanjay: We need to be careful about persistence. There is a bias in the survey in that people who are filling out the survey already have accounts. We really should be asking people who don't currently have accounts whether they would want remote approve.

Sanjay goes further in depth with what happened to Supernova (more technical).

Action item:
sanjay needs to draft letter to someone.

Alan: ASUC elections are going to be in a month (April 6-8). We take care of the polling stations and set them up. We stay on call in the Senate Chambers if there are any problems. We will need to set up early in the morning. We set up in the morning and in the afternoon, we take them down and put it at Crossroads. If you plan on sticking around, this is a good experience because you will need to know how to do this. 

T-shirts
Penguin in front: 3
Penguin in back: 3
Abstain: 2
Deliberating about what the best t-shirt design would be.

Alan: I think we need the logo because it's representative of us.
Sanjay: The penguin is supposed to draw attention, so it's better on the front.

Mike walks in. He likes design 2.

Mike: There will be a $30-40 charge no matter how many we order depending

Everyone prefers 2. Mike, Jordan, Sanjay, simplyhd,...

Votes for Shirt design 1:
Votes for Shirt Design 2:
Votes for Shirt Design 3:

We have decided on shirt design 2?

Alan: We need to decide on the slogan for the shirt. We should use them during Cal Day. We'll keep some around for people in the future.

Mike: The cost goes up per color and goes down per shirt you order.

The shirt will be some shade of gray. Genevieve will work on some more designs.

Possibilities: Above and beyond!, Got computers?, Compute Freely, Free printing!, OCF Can Forward
Old one: OCF OWNZ you!

BOD moves to Lotus House. Stay tuned...
