Minutes of the OCF General Meeting, February 4, 2010

In Attendance:
simplyhd
sherryg
jchu
dshei
alanw
jordan
sanjayk
mgasidlo
Felix
Wilson

Meeting begins at 7:30 PM
mgasidlo: welcome to 1st general meeting!! 
Introductions
Alan: Open Computing Facility: lab in basement of Eshleman, we don't get paid, providelab and services for students to use, free website hosting, printing, you can eat, we have an entertainment system (with Rock Band), high-tier staff ensures that machines work
Elections:
Need to elect GM and SM position
Mike: GM: non-technical, managing the budget, talking to the ASUC, management
Alan: SM: technical stuff, helping people fix problems, rebuilding servers
Mike nominated by Sherry, seconded by Alan, accepted
Milky nominated by Alan, denied
simplyhd nominated by Mike, seconded by Jordan, denied
Mike: I will do all in my power to keep OCF running smoothly.
GM Vote: 6 Mike, 1 abstain, 1 for Sanjay
Alan nominated, seconded by Mike
simplyhd nominated by Mike, denied
Sanjay nominated by Jordan, seconded by Mike
Jordan nominated by Mike, seconded by simplyhd, denied
Sanjay: I will be responsible.
Alan: I will continue the work that I have been doing.
Mike: We run the computers for the ASUC elections.
SM Vote: 6 in favor of Alan and Sanjay, 1 for Jordan, 3 abstains
Mike: Board of the Directors meets every week on Thursday. The requirement is that you come to these meetings.
Alan: You do not have to be on B.O.D. to attend meetings. These meetings are where staff all meet to discuss issues.
Added to B.O.D.: simplyhd, Wilson, Sherry, Alan, Mike, Sanjay
Motion to allocate $1000 to the SM Discretionary fund: seconded by simplyhd 
Vote: 4 in favor, 2 abstain
Motion: to allocate $1000 to buying hard drives, a lom card and a second power supply for new mail server
Vote: 4 in favor, 2 abstain
Motion passed
Motion: $200 for new power cords, seconded by simplyhd
Vote: 4 in favor, 2 abstain
Motion passed
Meeting officially ajourned at 8:05 PM
