-------------------------------

  OCF: Board of Directors
  September 19th, 2002

  Meeting Minutes (lululin)

-------------------------------

  Attendees:
  ----------
*: BOD members (as of start of meeting)

Randy Chung (aoshi)
Eugene Kosoy (eugenek)
Lulu Lin (lululin)
Derek Chan (dwc)*
Jeff Emrich (jeffe)*
Hank Fung (fungus)*
Lavonia Wade (lavonia)
Patrick Feyh (cpfeyh)
Akop Pogosken (akopps)*
Steven Moses (vendetta)
Glen Kim (ogle)*
Frank Ho (fho)*
Devin Jones (jones)*
Solitaire Macian (smacian)
Wayne Chan (wyc)*
Emily Watt (ewhatt)*

  Agenda:
  -------

-GM Report
-SM Report
-New Business
-Old Business: Bod Election

-------------------------------

        SM Report:

-------------------------------

  Samba:
  ------
Some progress of Samba but nothing completed yet.  Windows like crashing.
Status: Luns and Dwc looking into it.

Talk of paper buying:
We have a catalog for extra cheap paper which can be delivered the
next day for free.

Locks for LCD screens, ilamp etc. (Budget):
Locks for ilamp and others: bought by dwc already.  (Will be reimbursed)
Both are to be locked down.  Keys are in the possession of both the SMs.

Tape Deck: Will be decided by Akop (either fixed, bought or both)


-------------------------------

        New Business:

-------------------------------

  Chem 1A Account:
  ----------------

Issue: GSI's for the class desire a website with a higher webquota in
order to host the class webpage.
Concerns: Too much bandwidth used, other groups may also want this,
who to make the account out to.
Rebuttal: We can gain more resources if we start hosted one of the
largest class sites, in addition to any other groups which may want
this.  There should not be a resource problem at this point and we
can always discontinue the arrangment if necessary as per our policy.
We can make the account a group one.
Result: Approved provincially

Motion (jones, seconded by fho): We proactively offer Chem 1A account a 200 MB
webquota if they so desire it.  (Note that their home quota will be normal.)
         As per our policy, if they become a strain on our resources
we can discontinue the arrangment.
Motion Passed: 5 for, akopps abstrained, none against.



  Going Places Account (student group):
  -------------------------------------

Issue: Account sorry'd
Reason: Spam.  Going Places is a student group which has an account
with the OCF.  They have sent out spam from their account which was
clearly unsolicited.  When confronted, they said that they were only
emailing those that signed up at Calapooloza.  However, when noted,
the spam in question was all sent to group accounts (for example,
Physics 7a etc.)

Detail: A representative was supposed to show up today to speak in
their defense.  The representative was not present.  (On a side note,
they don't even have enough signatories yet.)  Said spam was sent
from hotmail account (with a name attached.)  The sender claimed
complete ignorance of the mail, saying that a friend must have sent
it from his computer.
Why are we involved: because they are hosted at /~goplaces which reflects
us.

Conclusion: give them 1 more chance


Furniture:
------------
Tabling: We need tables and chairs for this.  We should look in the
Server rooms first to see what we need before we buy anything.
Storage: Where should we put stuff?  Possibilities: OCF Back room,
Cages in Eschelman (lululin will look into this). Hopefully we can
shift lesser used things to the cages and then have the back room for
stuff we actually use.
Broken furniture: what are we doing about it?


Ken wants staff shirts. Please submit designs! Why: So there is a
good way to id us.  Other possibilities: Maybe make staff ids?

Replacement of Ultra 1's: Replace with non-Sun hardware okay? Inconclusive.

-------------------------------

        Old Business:

-------------------------------

Vote into: BOD
motion: lululin
         smacian
motion passed: all for.
