10/31/2002

BOD meeting minutes:
--------------------


moving eschleman: tearing it down because becoming the entrance to the campus

printers count for nodes even if they are not ever accessed outside
campus doesn't want to take responsibility for buildings that are newly obtained
so letting asuc doing it

charging student groups for connections
-in 5 years, all student groups will see 100% of their connection cost
$1135 (may not stay)-->1450 (up to)

faculty, plus research pay less
rest of campus is paying: 2109 for connection
eecs may pay for some of our fees to defray cost (csua?)


 140/annual
*~60 nodes
-----------
-8400

2600? (26000?) granted this year for upgrading suns

idsg owns this network: (cns is not in charge of soda/cory network)

new firewall policy: isnt: now a hit to firewalls,
talked about nap, want to help us secure firewalls
firewalls: goes against all ucs open information
(make it a lock down information)
cns; wanted to use them but they were not allowed, needed to get it past so other people could use them
there are firewalls that will firewall the subnet, as oposed to own private network
daily cal was behind a nat: trying to say they are only one node
mac addresses != node may not add up
-issue: should we shut down wireless net and letting people plug in laptops
-what about csua? they are  willing to pay 1/2
-prof will do all installing, if asuc pays 1/2 ($1000/unit)
-$100 or $400-500 interface 
-but if it's airbears then it will homoginize it and nobody will be confused
-no one is sure what is going on w/ airbears, the funding is still up in the air?
-cns operates, you pay for equipment, but they own it
-bem: someone said that he owns equipment, he is only paying them to give him teh equipment: he can always just turn it off
-issue for connecting: supposed to only be for ucb students/alums: if you have insecured wireless net than unauthorized people may use it
(campus ling can be viewed this way too)
-we can change this easily (nis +) and authentizate.  or we can redirect to calnet id page. (e.g. alums)

-Frank votes to pay for 2/3 of the 100mbs cost (for asuc)
-Jacob seconded this
-parameters: not to exceed $4000 total in order to have process expedited. 
-auxillary's going to pay exactly 1/3
-in favor: 8
-opposed: 0
-abstain
(quorem =7)
motion carries

finaldistance.berkeley.edu:
isnt said: it's useful spam so it's okay

(xxx.xxx.com)

has a banner: and links
has link to own commerical site (but it says: services donated by ____)
-might be okay

-jacob: use our banner, or get approval (e.g. russian people)
-this is already in the policy
-we can change address-->rewrite (will be taken care of)
-->www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~finaldistance
-everything else is marginally acceptable
calwatch.berkeley.edu?: policy: student group: can have more than one
csba.berkeley.edu-->virtual host
-csba president wanted to run for stuff here: and then wanted to co-locate his servers
-bookswap (.berkeley.edu)
-we should be responsible: and let them make pretty 
-approved one equal or larger than the one we have, or approval from sm.
(OR in text larger or equal to the rest of the site)
(if you have a text only site, the text only link will be approved)
(can appeal to bod)
-Devan can hack policy later
-or do we really just need to enforce it?
-send them an email: no changing anything: if they have opinion: mail bod
(or come to bod)
devan: responsible for emailing if not compliant, or take care of it
dsafaria: again? still eligible for an account, subsidizing, sponsering this service?
can't selectively: get rid of people that have graduated?
karenf's concern:
more bandwidth: taking too much, can get rid of this way?
williamlu: was still over
allowed to have: alums (cns applies to us) have useage of accounts
we can look him up: and see if he is reg.
-we will run it on ones that was brought to our attention
-what is the best way to approach this? (don't want to piss karenf)
-we can keep as long as we keep track of who is was: former staff was okay: had permission from whoever was doing the rereg
-what should we do with alumi accounts? we should clarify this? and legally do this?
-we don't "have" old information : mapping between accounts and sids
-find out what the rules are...
-eecs are a private network: they own their own network
(separate agreement w/ cns)
-eecs-second point out from campus
-different agreement policy from dns
-we don't keep registration on computer, will dig through it at some point [processing]
-can get rid of the whole clause: we will get rid of your account when you graduate.
-karenf wants to use our own policies to close down the account
-reg dsafaria
-change policy?
-closing issue until we talk to smcc
-if we don't: karenf might get us audit on all the accounts
-if we just shut this one down: then bad precedent for shutting down free speech
--->under staff investigation
repository: of questionable sites: and host them somewhere (devan's own)




Outline:
----------


-GM report
-SM report
-new business (CSBA)!
-old business
-BOD elections


Attendance:
Akopp
Emily*
Bem
Jacob*?
Eek
Derek*
Lulu*
Fung*
Frank*
Devan
patrick
ken
Luns

bod elections:

jones
adrian
remlluf
cpfeyh

all for: none opposed: none abstrained.



