OCF minutes
October 10, 2002

Meeting opened @ 7:15 when quorum was reached.

Attendance:
ogle, jones, calman*, lululin 
ewhatt, aeahya*, fungus, ajani*, fho*, jeffe, akopps, smacian, aoshi, wyc 

* not on BOD as of Start of Meeting.

SM report

akopps: battery in 204 upses are potentially dead, one ups crashed conquest 
and will have to be replace. Tape drive is coming in on Friday, might get 
new tape drive anyways.

GM report

Problems with the squelch ad. We're also not a 24 hour lab, although ASUC 
allegedly voted more money for night lab service (UCPD raised rates by $3 
an hour). Finalized hours.

New business

Going places not here. Old business. Changing the web site: who wants to do 
that? No one, apparently. Put ogle on the web team. Anyone interested? 
kenman is too.

New staff redirection

Feedback on what people did. Was there an email list for new staff? All new 
staff on new staff alias (approve). Mail to new-staff will get to the new 
people, which is basically everyone in staff.

General logins
People don't understand how to use the printer. Thus, get rid of it. Wait 
for all the machines to be reghosted without general, then it will work. 
Knows how to edit all the keys and stuff, but derek is busy and is out. 
Needs to reghost all the images. Ghost image is on headcrash.
Some people know the new general password, some don't.

Discussion of linux vs. solaris on irc.ocf. Yes, no, maybe so. Talked about 
after the meeting.

Who has the new staff mailing list? Who knows.

(jacob wasn't here.)

BOD elections:
fho
ajani

All in by acclamation. New Quorum = 9.

Meeting closed @ 7:30 pm.



