
	Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting of Aug. 31, 1994

Present at this meeting (BoD Members denoted by a *) :

	*Chris Williams (clw@ocf)	 Alan Coopersmith (alanc@ocf)
	*Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)	*Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf)
	 Tracy Scott (trscott@ocf)	 Erik Muller (erikm@ocf)
	*Thomas Waung (twaung@ocf)	*Nevin Cheung (nevman@ocf)
	*Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)	*Ari Zilka (ari@ocf)
	*Rachel Yotter (raytrace@ocf)	 Saar Picker (saarp@ocf)

The meeting was called to order at 7:17pm Berkeley Daylight Time

Old/New Business: 
	The Senate Bill proposed by Ryan Hamilton was brought up for 
	discussion, though not much was said.  It was decided to postpone
	further discussion until after the Election Meeting.

	It was asked where the 571 mail was going, we have a mailbox at
	Soda.

	There was a nice write-up of the OCF in the Engineering News, we 
	were also mentioned in the Computer Resources and the EECS Guide.

GM Report:
	Eshleman Office Space:  Nevin met with Matt Dundon to discuss the
	furniture situation in the office.  We will be unable to claim 
	furniture until the other organizations have reclaimed theirs from
	last year.

	Nevin still hasn't gotten an answering machine for the office, it
	was decided that he just go out and buy one because there was $75 
	allotted for it in our 1994-1995.

	Nevin went to the EJC meeting on Tuesday, August 30, 1994.  They 
	discussed the facility policies.  It was also mentioned that every
	Friday will be a "society" day, in which different engineering 
	organizations will have activities at Bechtel.

SM Report:
	Plague is crashing regularly.  The disks are filling up and we are
	still getting in more new accts.

	Re-Registration: Alan ran stats on the accounts this week and 
	determined that there are approximately 1300 accounts that haven't
	been accessed since 1993.  Also the user accounts are only taking
	up 2Gb of disk space.  Average is 250K and the median is 94K.

	Approve is not working.  Ari will work on it.


The General Meeting at which elections will be held is this Wednesday,
September 7, at 7:00pm in Sibley Auditorium.

The meeting adjourned at 7:53pm.


-Respectfully Submitted,
  Jennifer Snider

