[Archivist's note: Originally extracted from ~jenni/bod/11.15.94.gz. The date
on the title has been fixed from "October 11, 1994".]
	Minutes of the OCF Bod Meeting of November 15, 1994

Present at this meeting :

	S*Alan Coopersmith (alanc@ocf)	 Amanda Novak (nova@ocf)
	Andrei Cogan (coganman@ocf)	 Andrew Swan (aswan@ocf)
	*Chris Williams (clw@ocf)	*Dave Wong (dave@ocf)
	 Erik Agee (agee@ocf)		*Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)
	*Julie Lin (jsl@ocf)		G*Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)
	*Michael Kaminsky (kaminsky@ocf)*Nevin Cheung (nevman@ocf)
	*Tony Monroe (monroe@ocf)	 Tom Cheng (tomcheng@ocf)
	*Tracy Scott (trscott@ocf)

	*  Denotes BoD Members
	S* Denotes Site Manager
	G* Denotes General Manager

The meeting was called to order at 7:11pm.

Agenda:
	- GM Report
	- SM Report
	- Open Discussion/Strategy Session

GM Report:
	The printer should be here soon.  The PO was issued and sent to the
	company and it is being shipped from L.A.

	Rereg software is now being postponed until word from Rob Robertson
	about the server, because it appears to be broken.

	Marco has not yet written Jerry Smith about using the Suns in the
	WEB as Xterms, but he will shortly.

	The School of Education has not been very helpful, mail was sent to 
	us from them asking us what exactly we wanted.  We responded but there
	hasn't been any word back.

SM Report:
	Flood and Sandstorm have really hozed disks.  The accounts need to
	be moved off of them, the disks wiped and reinstalled.

	Kenji delivered the "last" drive today.  Which leaves us with two disks
	to repair and two disks to test, because we think that old tsunami is
	fine considering it was the controller that was bad.

	There was one account turned off this past week for pirated software
	and account sharing.

Next week is the last General Meeting of the Semester.

The meeting was closed at 7:20pm.

Respectfully Submitted,

Jennifer Snider

