OCF meeting 9/20/2007

Attendance: 12
Only akit and wjm are on BoD?

akit
wjm
jchu
elliot
dmchan
yury
sluo
stevklaw (steven)
sle
gcwong
sahnn
chisheng (aaron)


Budget: $15,303.74

milki's stats for printing costs (gross overestimate): ~$10,000

We're gonna buy 8 new computers
- billy: $250 systems at Fry's
- yury: we have 5 vistas license and we should make good use of it
	- it doesn't make sense to have them and not use it
	- a good video card costs ~$40
	- Dell's power supplies suck and fail all the time, but gateways have lasted ~7 years
	- we could assemble our own off newegg for ~$500
- sle: with $500 we could get a dell with 2 year warranty
- billy: let's allocate $4000 for 8 machines

We're going to buy MS Office 2007 licenses
- people might have issues with 07
- 03 docs compatible with 07 (but not the other way around?)
- MS Pro Plus
- yury: office 2007 will probably not run well on win 2000 machines

Fundraising
- NSF Grants
- sle: he and gordon have been thinking about OCF stickers to pass out to companies, events, etc.
	- we might be able to get donations of hardware, etc.
- steven: laser tag

Movie Night
- Transformers at Wheeler 9/20

Possible SF / Angel Island Trip - are people interested?

Email "spamming"
- sluo: I wanted a serious policy discussion, if the person doesn't like it he's free to leave

SM AGENDA

Dima's mail forwarding
- wjm: We are forwarding dima's mail
	- we aren't storing his mail, but mail to him will be forwarded
	- since he has been a staff member for a long time and done a lot of work in the past, Billy thinks this is reasonable

- sluo: He's violated OCF rules multiple times
	- frankly, we don't offer services to people we've disabled-- for a reason
	- disabled people aren't entitled to services
- wjm: I just felt it was a nice thing to do
- sle: let's create a general policy first
- elliot: as a former SM, I felt people desired more that it should be a BoD decision rather than SM discretion
- yury: I think SM needs to be a more powerful position
	- let SMs decide on their own, if people have problems then we'll go back and discusss
- sluo: it would be good to have this policy written in stone because there will be a lot of pushback
	- acceptable use policies are typically thought out quite a bit, and I think ours should be too
- yury: policies are usually made fluid because of pushback
- sluo: but we do need some sort of policy standards set in stone
- wjm: I think we should write a strict policy and have BoD overturn later if necessary
- yury: SM should be a "first line of defense"-- not everything should have to reach BoD

wjm: should hozing policy be punitive or preventative?
	- should dima be treated like everyone else?
	- do we want exceptions to the rules, ever, or not?
elliot: if we want to be completely by the book for dima, then we should be for everyone else
	- or if we are thinking about exceptions, we should consider exceptions for dima
- wjm: so the question is, should we make exceptions for an old staffer
- yury: some people get mail forwarded without an ocf account
- sluo: most of these people were dropped for rereg reasons, not because they violated something
- dmchan: aaron (over irc) agrees with elliot

sluo: there seems to be some support for giving his account back
	- dwc has supported disabling his account permanently
yury and sluo:
	- the only times we have permanently disabled accounts:
		- harrassing "half the campus" with emails
		- hacking us multiple times

Let's set a deadline for next week's meeting to decide on dima.

sluo: if we forward his email forever, we will have problems later
	- will create precedent
	- cause lots of bounces
Dima is tabled until next week.


HOZING AND COPYRIGHT ETC
- wjm: I personally have no problem with staff using a few gigabytes on /export for music, private use, etc.
	- we might as well use the space, since we can't give it to others
- yury: we could make it public
- wjm: but it's harder to manage
- wjm: i think we can allow it as a small perk for staffers, that sounds reasonable
	(specifically with regards to /export)
- elliot: I think increasing individual staff members' quotas is better than /export
	- shifts responsibility to the individual
	- everyone would have equal quota instead of one person hogging /export
- yury: it's better to put stuff on export than on nfs because it (creates load on nfs?)
- sluo: it's not hard to go through one export directory
	- but ex. we disabled a hypothetical root staffer in the future for illegal downloads
	- now we'd have to go through all the linux boxes
- wjm: i don't share sluo's moral outrage about illegal downloading

On Hozing Hard Drive Space:

- wjm: /export is a lot of extra hard drive space not needed for linux, etc.
- users don't have access to it, but staffers can
- actually someone (I forget who) mentioned that users can get access to /export if they ask

- elliot: there's also the aspect of, how much of this is used to serve ourselves?
	- we're using resources that come from the University of California, paid by others
	- is it okay for us to use this all for ourselves?
- yury: there's no other way to use this space
- wjm: there isn't a viable way to make this public

- wjm: it only becomes a problem if someone else notices, and then we can discuss it
- wjm's suggestion: personal hozing space shall be allowed on any one linux desktop
- yury: the "personal" is important because sometimes staffers use it for legitimate staff use
- wjm: if a user requests ability to use space on export i wouldn't have a big problem

- wjm's decision: hard drive space is self-regulating among staffers

- elliot: issue with using a lot of extra resources for yourself
	- if it can't be used for other things, then maybe we can use it
	- but we should have a spirit of self-regulation
	- staff is here to be more morally upstanding than others and to help users out
	- propose we come to some kind of limit
	- would be okay with simply not using the space

- elliot: I urge you to think about who we are as people (and as an organization?)
	- who are we supposed to be servicing?
	- all students pay tuition and some of that goes to ASUC for the student groups
	- is it right if a large chunk of those resources coming from other people's funding goes to ourselves rather than the campus at large?
On Hozing Bandwidth:

- sle: we get bandwidth for free right now
	- but if we keep using an increasing amount then we might have to start paying
	- transit cost per megabyte, some departments already have to pay it themselves
	- we do have some big spikes-- 70mbits
	- yury: intracampus traffic is free for campus, doesn't cost anything more
	- sle: isn't sure about that
	- sluo: it's not free beause at some point it will saturate the routers and it will cost somebody something
- sluo:	- everything we send outside of UC berkeley borders costs the campus money
	- anything transferred between campus computers is free
- sle: we should monitor bandwidth usage
	- I documented one user using ??? to open mp3 files (easily downloadable)
	- terrabytes per week
	- there's no actual policy
- yury: I set a precedent earlier
- sluo: we've disabled accounts for copyright violation since the ocf started
	- breaking the law is not acceptable use of ocf resources	
- (SM precedent is not binding)

- sluo: when we notice intracampus BW spikes we need to investigate anyway
	- because it could mean we're being hacked, etc
	- it costs us staff time to investigate this
- sle: requests approval to give a warning to users for whom we see a lot of transfer
- wjm: copyright violation-- disable immediately until they come in to talk to a staffer
- sluo: I like the idea of people coming in to talk to us

WHAT DOES THE OCF MEAN TO YOU?

- sluo: can we use RAM as a disk rather than temporary storage?
- should there be perks to OCF staff?
	- space, copyrighted material
- wjm: i don't think staff should be more restricted than other users
- wjm: i'm in favor of "only prosecute when caught"-- in terms of storage
- sluo: people using ocf to download illegally?
	- two extremes: actively block bittorrent, vs. not taking action until we get a 
	- we want somewhere in the middle
Takedown notices

- wjm: i favor using our judgement
- wjm to sluo: what's the problem with waiting until a takedown notice?
- sluo: ISPs deal directly with copyright laws, we don't
	- we don't, but we cause the campus problems
	- if we cause the campus too many problems, they will give us problems
- do we want to wait for a takedown notice to act, or prevent them?
- milki: i think we should be more proactive than rescomp
- sluo: be proactive by looking for bandwidth spikes, looking for processes that might be hozing
- yury: sluo, can you propose a non-invasive... solution to do this?

akit: let's think about what the ocf means to you, what you want out of it, etc.

meeting closes at 8:59