UC Berkeley Open Computing Facility
Thursday, 17 February 2005
-----------------------------------

ATTENDANCE

To be added

--------------------------------------------------

AGENDA

General Managers:
- Food
- Business

Site Managers:
- Spamilter
- New Server
- 7th Floor Eschleman
- Dells

-----------------------------------

OPENING

Meeting Started 7:20pm

-----------------------------------

GENERAL MANAGERS' MESSAGE

Food: No food at any club meetings

Toner:
- New toner courtesay Matt, he needs to be reimbursed

Paper (as reported by Frank):
- We got a new paper shipment today.
- Especially bright
- Was on sale
- Keep a reserve copy for resumes?
  - Leave 1 office depot box aside for staff use only.
- Eleen ordered paper also.
- Aoshi: Do we have yellow paper?  Group accounts used to be on yellow paper.
  - Frank: I put up a sign to distinguish them on account form bin.
  - Brando: We don't need that much yellow paper if it's just for group forms.
  - Aoshi:  Maybe just get 1 ream.

Volcano Power Supply:
- Brando still working on it.
- Randy:  What about the one in the server room?
  - Brando:  It was never addressed.  I need to fix that oo.

Server Room Mess:
- Eleen dropped off Cisco equipment on Sunday.
- Frank: Security mounts?
  - Aoshi: Just swap out the monitors in the current security moun
- Monitors that Eleen dropped off, + ones that fullmer dropped off.
- Randy and jkit need to show dima how to hook up monitors

5 Spare Systems:
- Aoshi:  Put two in lab next to decal machine, three in server room to log in
  - Yury:  Three monitors with nothing to do?
  - Brando: For now we'll keep them in the server room if something breaks.
- Monitors are inside on the table to the left.
  - 5x 15" monitors total
- Aoshi: What happened to the LCD luns was going to try to fix?
  - Couldn't be done.  It's in the server room.

Disk Array SCSI Card:
- Frank: Akop still has SCSI card in office. 
  - Unless someone else wants to work on it, akop's going to do it.
  - Frank: if you want to set up the disk array, get the card from akop.

Tape Backups:
- Jkit: Someone needs to learn how to do tape backups.

Eschleman Computers:
- Eleen emailed ASUC.
  - Randy: We got a reply, they want us to fix the computers.
    - Dima: publications also wants the computers fixed.
    - Dima and Frank investigated
      - There are four computers, only one is functional.
    - Jkit: just fix it up, run adware?
    - Frank: They're really gone.
    - jkit: As long as they work.  They just want a web browser, nothing else.
      - Brando: Kiosk mode?
    - Brando: It will be done by someone.

Staff Hours:
- Frank: Staff hours, do it.

ASUC Elections:
- Frank: ASUC Elections: I e-mailed Angel Brewer, she hasn't got back to me.
  - Asked her what she wants out of OCF?

Printer and iLamp Maintenance:
- Matt has secured printer and iLamp maintenace ...
- Brando: We need to discuss how much we want to pay for all this stuff.
  - We don't know how much $$$ we have.
    - Eleen has all the financial stuff, she gave me some materials
      but it doesn't have current info.
    - Frank: We were supposed to have a meeting with Lavonia, we sent her
      an email to ask her about scheduling but she never got back to us.
      - Randy: Just drop in, ask for a quick budget check.
      - Jkit: You only need 2 GMs, don't need all GMs and SMs.

-----------------------------------

SM MESSAGE:

Spamilter:
- This morning, Jeremy shut down spamilter.  
- Luns wanted more information.
- Took down b/c users complained b/c they were not able to send mail.
- Luns walking off the job is much worse than losing spamilter.
- Sorry Luns, please come back.
- Check postmaster alias to see if luns is still on.
- Check war aliases
- Luns is mad.  Who knows Luns well?
- Akop and Luns?
- Jkit: He likes tako sushi.
- Nobody knows Luns.
- Jkit: He was going to graduate this semester or next semester anyway.
- Somebody needs to take care of postmaster.
- Aoshi:  Postmaster gets everything.
- Brando: If luns is going to leave we can ask least ask him if he can't teach someone something.
- Aoshi: I can ask him what's been going on lately and then I can try to tell other people.
- jkit: Luns was the one who did address+something@ocf
- Aoshi: There are a lot of secret OCF stuff.
- dsrogers did a lot of hacking to get KDE working.

-----------------------------------

Quotes for servers:
- $2897 2x opteron 250
- $3447 2x 1.28 ultra sparc
- Akop wants to replace death
- Aoshi: THen use death as war?
- war as backup?
- War is a blade 100
- Brando: Defer thoughts on buying until we have budgetg.

-----------------------------------

Windows Profile Synch
- Dells: Rightmost dell + earthquake
- They're trying to synchronize accounts every time you go log out.  Tries to log into death.
- Aoshi: Nobody regular users can log into death.
- Brando: Why prevent login to death?
- Aoshi: SSH disabled.  Samba should work.
- Brando: probably computer-specific instead of network issue?
- Aoshi: I bet the one on the right was rebuilt as somepoint.  Eathquake
was done from ground up again.  I imagine there was some registry key
on earthquake I forgot about.  I'll take a look at it.

-----------------------------------

Heller Lounge Closing
- Yury: OCF has been closing early, at 3pm and 4pm.
- Brando: They've been holding special events.
- Yury:  They've been cutting off access to our lab, and that is not cool.
- Dima:  Can you talk to publications about this, see if it's regular?

- frank: They were on the complete opposite end of the lounge, but
  they wouldn't let people go from the heller door to the OCF door
  because they didn't want door sounds.

- Brando: We could at least get a schedule of their stuff.
- Frank:  There was *no* warning on the schedule for the lounge.
- Jkit: We're not supposed to use the emergency exit, especially at night.
- jkit:  They previously said they would give us 24 hr. if we trained a guard who would sit there.
 - 6pm to 6am.
- Yury: I'm not complaining about hours, so much as the events which
have been happening once per week and shutting us down.
- Brando: How can we prevent events?
- Yury: There are plenty of doors to the lounge...
- Jkit: They're paying money for access to lounge.
- Frank:  I'll ask for a schedule.
- Brando: We can try to ask for access to lab.
- Aoshi: Can try asking ASUC.

-----------------------------------

Budget:
- Frank: We don't know how much money we have.
- Aoshi: I think we have around $8000.  I think we need around $4000 for paper and toner for the rest of the semester.
- Frank:  So is it agreed if we have a lot left over we should look into server?
- Aoshi:   Yes
- Brando:  Paper, toner, printer maintenance.
- Jkit:  Didn't we already allot money for printer?
- Dima:  We took a vote on it.
- Frank: Fullmer agreed he could use his dept. to get the stuff fixed by
TSW, but we need to get all the paperwork through Fullmer.
- Should we submit the paperwork to fullmer?
- Jkit:  Ask fullmer what they need, have us fill it out, get him to sign it.
- Mattfong: You're holding (the 1 piece of paper required).  Then he
needs to get it done through his dept.  They usually approve
everything.
- Frank: Where is fullmer?
- Jkit: 4th floor esccleman near lavonia.  He's in the northwest corner.
- Mattfong:  You can just fax/e-mail to him.
- Mattfong: We need iLamp together with printer.
- Jkit:  Fullmer has the lamp, without the keyboard, mouse or power cord.
- kbd is on AC.
- power cord...unknown.  It's white.
- Randy: I think it's on the ground.
- It's not a standard power cord.'
- Jerjou shows up 8:03pm.
- Frank and brando:  Printer is high priority, over new server.

-----------------------------------

Audio Speakers:
- Talk of speakers.
- Formulate speaker policy in the future?
- We're not supporting speakers.

-----------------------------------

- Brando: So as of right now, paper, toner and printer maintenance.
- Mattfong:  Toner goes about 2 weeks, though we've been doing around 3 per month.
- Brando:  We're getting publicized more about free printing, so we've been getting
more users.
- Mattfong:  We've been doing more than 1000 pages per day.  

-----------------------------------

- Jkit:  Make sure you update the budgets to take our increasing usage into account.
- Aoshi:  You want print logs, not quota logs.

-----------------------------------

Dima:  There are a lot of users this semester.  A ton of new accounts.

-----------------------------------

Budget for next year:
- Paper
- Toner
- Printer Maintenance
- Aoshi: We'd like a new server, even if we got this. $3000 isn't a
great server, if you want a good one think at least $10k.
- Projector?
- Adobe Suite? ~3k
- jkit:  Put stuff that makes sense, and hope we get it from ASUC.
- Someone was supposed to write an e-mail to Adobe.
- Microsoft Office. 
- Brando: We have licenses for gateways, but we dont' how to get them again.
- Aoshi:  We have the CDs.
- Frank:  But we need licenses for Dells?  yes.
- Aoshi: Just ask for site license.
- Jkit:  bundles are cheaper.
- New Color Printer? ~6k?
 - Charge them 2 pages for every 1 color page?
 - Aoshi:  You can probably do it w/the script we have right now, but would have to look at code.
- Frank:  What if we start putting computers in multicultural lounge?
- Jkit:  There is a dude who thinks the culture of the lab is too intimidating.
- Frank:  This would involve extra networking, tables.  Is this something we'd be willing to do?
- Aoshi:  it's not technically challening, it's just a bitch.
- Yury:  Secure wireless?
- aoshi:  You know they're going to bitch about wires on the floor.
- Aoshi:  This comes down to a lot of work.

- Jkit: Go to meeting with lavonia and propose it.  If they say yes,
  we can think about it.  If they say no, don't worry about it.

- Frank:  ASUC would think highly of us if we put stuff in their lounge?
- jkit:  You'd need their consent.
- 6 New computes?  ($lots)
- yury: winxp?

- jkit: Microsoft said they're going to stop supporting win2k.  Campus
  said winxp has to be on everything.  Eventually they are going to
  cut off all access to win2k.

Jerjou:  What about linux?

Aoshi:  They'll probably let it go.

Brando:  If it's *required* can they just give it to us outside the regular budget?

Aoshi: probably not.

Mattfong:  A copy of ghost?

Brando:  Do we need it?

Mattfong:  It would be good if we could do it routinely.

Jkit:  Backup tapes

Aoshi: As of now we can't back up everything.  We're trying to get
autoloader fixed, but as of now akop is our autoloader.

Jkit:  Send out budget for people to review.

Jerjou:  I like projector.  Yury: I second.  

Jerjou:  I feel like there's a demand for it.

Jkit: Office supply!  Stapler, white board marker.  Cleaning supply.
Wipes.  Vaccuum!  Our vacuum sucks, or, rather, it doesn't suck!

Phrase projector carefully.

Frank:  Wireless?

Brando:  We have airbairs in the lab now.

Jkit: It's flaky.

Frank: It would be nice if we could say that we've increased all
quotas as a result of ASUC, so we can please them when we go in next
time.

Jkit:  Last time we waited about 5 or 6 hours for our turn.  Then it took 5 minutes.

New chairs?

New keyboards and mice?

AOshi: We need nice keyboard, mice and monitor.  The internal hardware
can be shit, but as long as users have a happy experience.

Replace suns?

Security cables?

Disability supplies to make the lab more accessible?

Jerjou:  Aisle space?

AOshi:  Budget speakers for text-to-speech?  microphones?

Jkit:  it would be really good to be disability accessible.

yury:  headphones?

mattfong:  That's a little gross.


Aoshi:  Noise cancelling headphones that don't actually touch your ears.

Jerjou:  A recording studio?

Jkit:  At least 1 mac.

Jkit:  What is our purpose?

AOshi: I support devin's idea: Replace socrates.  We've had professors
want to use us, because we offer better shit.

Frank:  REcruiting new staff?

Training?

Yury:  We don't have enough physical space for all our users.

Jerjou:  During our crowded hours, we get crowded.


-----------------------------------

LIB proxy:

200-250

e-mail staff and ask for our subnet

Jkit:  asuc subnet is considered off-campus.  So anybody on that network is not granted access to UC.
proxy is only available to people physically off campus.

-----------------------------------

What is our goal?

jkit: Original it was jsut to get comp acccess to people, period.

That goal is done.

Aoshi:  It's time to move on, and replace socrates.

Jkit:  Our main services are printing and webspace.

If a major portion of our services go to web, then it doesn't matter
that we're out of physical space.

-----------------------------------

Jkit: Getting a new lab = fundraising yourself, not asking ASUC.

Do we own the lab?

-----------------------------------

Frank:  New staff.  Advertising at Calso?

Jkit:  Somebody came to my class, which is how I got recruited.

Aoshi:  Me too.

Brando:  We should do EECs class.

Aoshi:  no, just do CS.

Frank:  if you give the dorm people a stack of flyers, they will put them up.

Aoshi:  who wants to learn?  Who wants to teach?  I don't want to teach anybody anything.

-----------------------------------

Back to old servers:

Dima: grant expires on 3/15.

quoted prices are  half cost b/c of educational.

aoshi: just send out apps even if we're not sure.

jkit:  i think if you are educaitonal, you just get it.


-----------------------------------

New MINIMUM security standards;

Have to authenticate SMTP.

By march 11

Jkit:  That includes winxp instead of win2k, right?
jerjou:  Don't know.

Aoshi:  plus upgrade to latest patches.

jerjou:  I'll check into that.

-----------------------------------

-----------------------------------

Jkit:

Money gets into misc. account *only* by fundraising.


Which means...no pizza!

*gasps*
-----------------------------------

Jerjou:  How do we alert users of changes?

Jkit:  When it stops working.

MOTD, can e-mail all users.

Yury: put on door.

-----------------------------------

Aoshi:  Redo web site?

Sol made a new skeleton, hoped people would work on it...but nobody did.

Jerjou:  how much bureaucracy?

Jkit:  None.



-----------------------------------

Extension Students:

Dima: Our policy says certificate program students can get accounts...but...no?
The page needs to be updated.

Jkit:  That page is mirrored by our constitution or bylaws....we'd need to change
constitution by vote, then give OSL our new constitution.

Yury:  Extension students may be here for just 1 class and then leave.  Would create
a lot of junk accounts.

Jkit:  Many are spring admit freshmen or people who are around for last semester
to graduate.

Dima:  Two wanted.  I rejected them both.

TABELED by Frank.

-----------------------------------

BMUN

Frank:
$2k deposit, agreement to replace anything they break by improper use.
They're saying they're liable.
I think we hold their $2k until they replace everything.

Yury:  Did they agree to this?

Frank:  not really...mostly...

We still need to set up general logins.

We're not sure how to set up the lab.

They said they were going to own the entire lab.

But now they're saying they're going to have to kick out users.

Jkit:  So they lied to us.  Part of the reason why we agreed is because
otherwise no one else could have used the lab anyway.

Frank:  At first they said 5pm. Then they said 3pm.  Then they said we'd have to kick out users.

Yury:  Tell them we're not kick anyone out, they get the lab when they get the building locked.

Frank: They're giving us extra toner.

They only want 7 hours of support, giving us $120 for it.

They agree not to touch any of our equipment.

We're going to clarify the no kicking out.

Signatories need to check out the agreement.

That would suck, but they haven't exactly been forthcoming.

-----------------------------------

Jerjou:  I am a signatory.
Jkit is.
Mattfong is.
Randy is.

-----------------------------------

windows image

dima put acrobat 7 on some machines.

too many things that aren't working?

old version of mozilla and IE.

so we need two windows images.

brando: i've heard there's new imaging software that will image stuff
without bringing machine hardware specific stuff.


There will be a sheet for requested software.

Someone stole our sheet last semester?

make a sign "we have a webcam"?

We need a way to make sure our signs don't get jacked?

Frank:  I'll make a sign for webcam.

jerjou:  webcam log?

TABELED.

-----------------------------------

AOshi:  motion to close

Elliot seconds