UC Berkeley Open Computing Facility
Board of Directors Meeting
Thursday, 10 February 2005

DRAFT MEETING MINUTES
send corrections to elliot@ocf

In Attendance:
- jkit
- aoshi
- eleen
- jerjou
- kaisenl
- elliot
- frank
- yury
- dima
- brando
- kwt

GM Agenda:
- Keys
- BMUN
- Hours
- Elections

SM Agenda:
- Printer
- Pox
- Acrobat
- Volcano Power Supply
- SCSI/Disk Array
- Eschleman Issues

------------------------------

OPENING

Quorum Achieved, Meeting Opens 7:13am

------------------------------

FOOD

Much grumbling about lack of food.

Brando: We don't have purchasing power right now.  Once we get it, we
will have a big OCF party.

------------------------------

SERVER ROOM KEYS

Who has server room keys?
 - jkit
 - dima

Who needs serve room keys:
 - jerjou
 - frank/brando

Aoshi: use the lockbox,  it's on the server room door.
frank and brando need lockbox combination

(short discussion about old security holes in getting into server room)

------------------------------

STAFF HOURS

Frank: put up staff hours.  To be staff you need to hold at least 1
hour per week.

------------------------------

ASUC ELECTIONS

Frank:
- Angel Brewer would like us to help out?

- Adrian said we should push for more pay...pollworkers would get the
same amount of money for doing a lot less work (they just sit around).

Eleen: Devin and Fullmer aren't doing it.  We would be running the
server, too.

Eleen: last time we ran it off OCF

Brando: That's so much load!

Eleen: You need to talk to Angel to get details

Much discussion about how much trouble we would be in if we messed up.

The story about how the elections server got hacked two years ago.

Jkit: how do we get paid?  As OCF, or individually?

Brando: Probably individually.

Aoshi: Just do it as individuals, we don't want to do this as an
official OCF thing.

Frank: Any interest?

Eleen: Last time it was $10 per hour

jkit: We don't know if programming is involved.

When are elections?  (April?)

Aoshi: You want at least $20 per hour for sysadmin work.

Yury: Voting software is a lot more serious

Aoshi: at least $50 an hour

jkit: If it invovles software itself, I don't know if we want to be involved

Aoshi: If devin and fullmer don't want to do it...that says a lot.

Eleen: Last year devin had it *all* on him, but this year he doesn't
want to do it even if he had help.

Brando: We need to talk to Angel

(Frank will talk to Angel, will try to get some time to think about it
and get back to us)

------------------------------

PRINTER

Dima: Printer is messed up.  Probably the toner is leaking.  
Jkit: We cleaned the toner cartridge, no change.
Brando: Fuser might be messed up.
jkit: it's a bunch of little blotches, about 5mm along the bottom of the paper.
Dima: It started with this new toner.

frank: blob, duplexer

mattfong recommends over spring break because tsw is open but nobody
will be here

spring break is a long way away

Frank: I put a warning sign on the door.

Dima: We'll try to fix it.

Who is pimp?  Adrian.  Who's not here.

Frank: I think Adrian just volunteered himself.

Can we order people around like that?

jkit: Brando, do the power supply!

Plans for duplexer: Spring Break

Eleen: After BMUN?

AOshi: Why not before BMUN?

Eleen talked bulidng ops

jkit: mattfong said tsw takes about a week.  we could try to get the
old printer to work

Aoshi: bad idea
Brando: we already told BMUN that they get no duplexing

------------------------------

POX

POX: Brando, pox has has no oppenoffice, and no one knows why

Does anyone have the windows admin password?
Dima: I have it.  We'll take care of it.

------------------------------

EARTHQUAKE

Aoshi: While you're installing stuff on box, why don't you do earthquake?

DIma: I'll do it.

------------------------------

WINDOWS DISK IMAGE

Jkit: Do ghost image while you're at it.

jerjou: We're admininstrating all individually right now?
Aoshi: Right now we are.

Windows imaging was mattfong's job

jkit: there's a long weekend coming up.  Disk image?
Methods:
 - dd
 - Ghost
 - CD image

Aoshi: don't know if our switch can handle dd

Brando: My work has norton ghost

jkit: Just do it.  No one will care.

------------------------------

CATYCLSM

Catyclysm's printing is being odd right now.  

jkit: there are two methods for printing out of MS Word, file menu and
print button.  If it doesn't work, do the method that the user didn't
do

------------------------------

ACROBAT

Acrobat:
We have acrobat 5, the newest version is 7.

yury: people have been complaining
jerjou: I'll do acrobat.

------------------------------

VOLCANO

Volcano power supply being handled by Brando

------------------------------

DISK ARRAY SCSI CARD

SCSI card is in Akopps' office

Aoshi: Put scsi card into pestillence or death.  Have to talk to akop
about how to partition, it will change capacity and throughput.

Aoshi: Will be used for mail and stuff.  THe majority of it would like
to put towards mail.

War is a piece of shit.  All the disk capacity in the world doesn't
matter if war is a piece of shit.

------------------------------

NEW SERVER

Dima: So when are we getting a new server?

Aoshi: Sun is not giving us anything.

Dima: Me and Akop applied, and sun said no.  They accept donations 3
times per year.

Brando: Who else should be petition
Aoshi: Dell, Gateway, HP

Jkit: It doesn't matter.

Dima: I asked cpfeyh, he sent me to akop, akop sent to cpfeyh
Brando: I'll write up a letter.
Jkit: Don't just e-mail them.  Go thorugh the right channels.

Aoshi: There's not much else we need right now besides a replacement war.

--------------------

ESCHLEMAN COMPUTERS TO GIVE TO ASUC

Frank and Dima went to eschleman today.  Our computers were all full
of shit.  Very likely have been compromised.  
Frank: Why were we there?
Aoshi: Inventory?

Eleen: ASUC came up to last semester b/c they're lacking computers,
asking us if we have spares.  That was whent here were all those
threats of them charging us for electricity.  We voted to allow them
to borrow our comps from Eschelman.  I wroite up memorandum of
understanding.  Jen Carter.

I'm going to add in price list, and hten show to MIscha, ASUC pres.
We need to arrange a meeting.

Dima:  I'd like to meet with them.

Eleen: Right now I have the OCF representatives as Eleen, Geo and
Jkit, but you can probably come.  We need to get them to sign MOU, I
will send the MOU out to staff.  They bought new computers but they
still want ours.

We have to uncrapify the computers before we give them to ASUC.  All
we need to do is format them.

Jkit: They're going to install regardless of what we give them.  Wipe
the disk and give it to them.

Dima: We did the inventory and sent it out.

Jkit: We can't charge for the operating system if we're not giving it to them.

Randy: IF we give them the license then that's equivalent to giving
them the whole package.

(Discussion about pricing of WinXP pro vs. SP1 vs. SP2)

We have SP1 license (in server room) and key (on side of computer)

------------------------------

MOVING DONATIONS FROM CISCO

ELeen: I got a bunch of stuff from Cisco.   I need help moving it.

2 21" CRT monitors.  a box of kbd, floppy, mice.

Eleen: THey're like 80 pounds.
Give me your phone #s so we can arrange times.
SO I need someone's keys.
Frank/Brando: We don't have any!

Frank: When do you want it done?
Jerjou: I can do sunday.  after noon before 5pm.
Jkit: That's fine.
ELeen: So 3 on sunday?
Jkit: Jimmy, jerjou, dima, elliot.
We have to move stuff from randy's apartment to the car.
Manual labor 3pm on sunday.

Where @ 3?

ELeen: I will park in loading zone next to police station.
Where is police station?

Part of sproul hall.

ELeen: I'll e-mail people and try to call to remind to come.  Meet at
loading zone.

------------------------------

MAILMAN

Jerjou: What's the mailman password?  

There is none...

------------------------------

BERKELEY MODEL UNITED NATIONS (BMUN)

BMUN:
Berkeley Model United Nations
March 11-13
Hundreds/thousands of high school kids will be debating.
Rented out entire MLK building, they'll keep the college students out.
Last meeting with gave them tentative permission to use OCF lab for
research/print/etc.

THey didn't mention that they wanted support.

Brando/Dima/Frank/Kaisen saw a meeting with them on Monday.  They want
someone to be on call throughout their session. 4 hours long on
weekend, some starting as early as 9am.  Be on call for paper jam,
print problems, anything.

Need anyone.

frank volunteered and brando...assumption that staff would help.

staff doesn't like to do things for free.

frank asked IRC

IRC said get hourly wage.

we can hire private OCF staffers as private contract between BMUN and staffers

Frank offered $20/hr with guarantee that OCF staffers would be on site all day

BMUN refused, saying they pay $20/hr for people to run around all day

BMUN offers flat fee of $100 "or something" to Frank.

Issue of rounding a 5 min.  call...how much do you pay for that?

Other issue: General accounts, and time to set up?
Yury: We already told them we'd do that.

Frank: But it's a bunch of work that the people who did it wouldn't
get comped for.

Yury: Re-enabling general takes 5min.
jkit: Just make them a group account called BMUN
Dima: What about people looking at each other's files?
Jkit/Aoshi: Just tell them we can't guarantee the secrecy of their files.

Frank: In general we want to help them, but not provide support at 9am
over the weekend.

Jerjou: I can cover 9am.
everyone: FOR FREE?!
ELeen: THey can provide donations.
Frank: They will provide leftover toner and paper.  As far as donations
ELeen: They can make monetary donations.

AOshi: Just pull the OCF out of it, as far as tech support.  That way
if something goes wrong they can't blame the OCF.

Jkit: We don't really own the space.  As long as we get money and they
get the lab, it looks like we are renting out the lab, which we can't
techncially do.

Brando:  They've already rented out the entire building themselves.

AOshi: As long as we get money for anything, it looks like we are
renting out OCF.  People in the future will ask for this kind of
effort on our part again, and if we refuse it they will offer bigger
donations or go to ASUC to complain about us.

Frank: It costed them at least $600 for computers and $1200 for copy
machines last time.

BMUN is not ASUC sponsored.
They "don't want ASUC looking into their books"
OSL but not ASUC.

Frank: I don't think helping them is really going to earn us points with ASUC.

Aoshi: Helping non-ASUC people is going to make ASUC even madder.  Do
it privatley, not as ASUC.

jkit: how much help do they need?

Frank: Less than 20 hours total using the lab.

Friday: 7-10:30 at night, march 11
9 to 5:30, minus one dance, on saturday march 12
9 to noon, sunday march 13

They have promised us we can steal food if we volunteer.

Frank: At one point they said $10/hr.

Aoshi:  You can make a push for $15/hr and it's within reason.

Yury: Keep in mind our comptuers don't work that well and don't all print.

Frank:  We've already told them that and they're okay with it.

I think if we did do an hourly wage, they would want us on site.

With a flat fee, you only have to show up when they call you.

Yury:  Most of us can find something to do in front of a computer.

Brando makes the "but you're supposed to have a life" argument

$100 flat fee total for the entire team.

Aoshi: "You're getting massively shafted...THey are shafting you"

Frank: "Yes, we are getting shafted"

We're not doing this as a goodwill thing anymore.

jkit: Shouldn't do any lower than $300?  You frank, should negotiate
for a team of six people.

Brando:  (Really doesn't want to be on site at all times)

Frank: don't need to waste everyone's time with this, if we're doing
this privatley for a wage.  I'll just get a list of volunteers.

A whole bunch of people say they would volunteer to do it for free.

Eleen:  "You guys are so weird!"

Aoshi: "This is going to come back to haunt you..."

jkit:  We're not doing it as OCF.

Eleen: We've provided our lab to other groups for free.

Jkit: That was during regular horus, though.

ELeen: There was no support on our end.  That's why it was a different
kind of case.

Taking a team of volunteers, if they get paid, great.  Those people
will negotiate with BMUN.

Aoshi: If you've got root staff, that's good.  REgular staff are kind
of useless.

Volunteers:
dima, jkit, adrian (possible), yury (poss), Jerjou(possible), frank, brando

ELeen: set up a timetable and pick up slots.

Frnak: people who want to negotiate wages need to stay after the meeting.

Frank: We're going to have them sign something that says if they break
it, they bought it.

...Acts of god...

It's not okay if they attempt to repair something on their own.

Frank:  So we agree to let them use the lab for free.

Brando:  SO we make one big login and tell them it's shared.

Jkit: Tell them if they have flash drives it's good.

Dima: THey said mostly they use laptops and just want to transfer file
and print.

Brando:  Anything that's left behind is property of us!

Frank: They still may not want to use our lab.

------------------------------

SLOW WEBSERVER

alan@berkeley.edu

The dude: Webserver is slow.  ALl my CMS sites that I put up are
really slow.  Queries to death are slow.  The entire site is database-driven.
THis for sigep, beta group, two other sides.

Yury: New server, when?
DIma:  Yes at some point we're going to vote (next meeting?!) on a new server.
Brando: We need to determine costs of new server

Brando: Server stuff next meeting!  Look up whatever you want!  If you
want a server, look up the details and specs.

------------------------------

MORE BMUN

FRANK: any ideas on equipment to be loaned to BMUN...liability?

Aoshi: Whatever is broken they are liable for, where broken is
determiend by us.  Monetary compensation at current market value, or
replacement.

Frank: Security deposit y/n?
Aoshi: yes!

jkit: It's for OCF lab equipment, so it can be for OCF.

Aoshi: take 10% of total amount of everything.

jkit: "Nothing's going to go wrong!"

AOshi: Don't go under $1000 on security deposit

Frank: So don't compromise?

jkit and eleen: Don't take cash!  Check!  DOn't cash it!

Frank: They'll request a walkthrough.

------------------------------

SM DISCRETIONARY FUND

Dima:  Do we have an SM discretionary fund?

Aoshi and jkit: Not right now, have to set it up.  Have to bring it
up, motion for it.

Jerjou: What would we use it for?

Brando/Dima: If something breaks, you can fix it without having to
have bod vote on it.

Brando:  Vote on that next BoD.

Aoshi:  Need a budget first before you can judge that.

Brando: Lavonia next Friday.  Me, jerjou, dima, frank.

Eleen: She is really nice and is on our own side.  
Eleen: Her e-mail is lavonia@ocf

Brando: So without us she has no e-mail!

Eleen:  I'll send out budget again.

------------------------------

CLOISING

Yury:  Motion to close
AOshi: Second

Meeting Ends


