BoD Meeting 
11/18/04

Attendance:
	Present: chaic, frank, brando, griffin, dima, mattfong, aoshi, yury, huiran, geo, eleen, jkit, lily, kenny
	On BoD: eleen, geo, jkit, aoshi, adrian, kaisenl, lily, yury, mattfong, frank, chaic, brando, dima, huiran
	** quarum met **

I.  GM Message
	1.  Meeting with ASUC tomorrow @ 2:00
		a. talk about:
			- OCF services to ASUC & terms
			- paying power bill
			- tech. support
	2.  Toner - Matt got 3 boxes from TSW
			- we don't know how to shake toner
				- side to side
				- up and down
				- all around
II.  SM Message
	1.  Jimmy has been doing nothing because of midterms
	2.  Geo:
		a. using RT for mail ticketing

III.  Old Business
	1.  Updates
		a. ssl certs
			- self-signed cert is fine
				- not professional
				- yearly renewal fee too much
				- geo's done RESEARCH!!!
		b. tabling
			- ppl think it's a trick
			- need a laptop out there
		c. dell exchanges
			- had to walk through the snow uphill both ways to mail defective parts
			- a machine is missing a service tag - stolen?
		d. windows image
			- don't know what ampl is
			- want photoshop/gimp
			- want dreamweaver
			- get software donations
				- office?
					- site license?
						- someone was working on something
						- we were supposed to make a plaque saying "donated by gateway"
						- talk to fulmer
		e. ultra 5's
			- bsd machine doesn't have x working
			- solaris 9 machine works & has internet but firefox loads in over 1 min.
				- need to lock down & shut off services
					- don't know which ones to keep
			- don't leave stuff outside or in the aisle in the server room
IV.  Closed


