                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
OCF Board of Directors Meeting  
30 September 2004

Present:
*dima	   *griffin	*jkit	*eleen
*geo	   *mattfong     mbh     aoshi 
*yury      *adrian	 dwc	 *rwaliany
frank	   *huiran	 *brando

* denotes that also on BOD

BOD: 11/12 => quorum met

Absent: henry - 2nd consecutive absence


I.

The meeting is called to order at 7:15pm


II. Reports

GM
* people in charge of computers on 7th have not replied 
  (take computers they dont want - going to take them next week if still no response)
* talk about servicing printer - no permit, no account - could use ASUC's department ($1000)
* no notice about battery - may take a week  

SM 
* jkit: started doing virtual hosts, will take a while to catch up
* jkit: backlogged accounts to be done by Friday
* jkit: improved the account form 
* geo: jones going to get his switch back
* geo: emailed jeremy, and was told to stick with self-signed certificate (an anonymously signed certificate)
* jkit: rearranged filing cabinets - right side of AC open
  whats up with the tray? where has the water gone?

III. General Meeting

* huran: Dell - power supply, free motherboard and processor (same)
	 sent to huran, will bring it into the lab
	 now need to replace the broken ones

* jkit: southern wall had broken power outlets - now all good
		 circuit breakers at fault

* yuriy: wants a dedicated machine to Linux
	 wants to work on game development
	 jkit: installed on earthquake - nobody has an access
	 
	 
* aoshi: if would like to work on LDAP - then can
	 LDAP is located on war.ocf

* eleen: need to buy a duct to cool the server room
	 9/24/04 quote: duct adapter: $350
			piping: $75	 
	go to Home Depot and buy cheaper materials
	dima and griffin: take care of it duct tape
	
	mattfong: motion to allow dima and griffin to spend $20 on duct tape
	second: adrian
	vote: nobody opposed

* jkit: change account form
	if online - not simple to implement
	automating the account approval process: Calnet Authentication
	if automatic, then cannot verify identity 
	how to integrate old system into new system? -  rereg!
	legal to record id's - ok to record as long as have permission
	one solution: get written permission from now on
	changes on the account form:
		added clause strong language that username must
	be based on the real name
		     removed enter password clause
		     added in disclosure: any information provided on this
	form may be recorded by us for administrative purposes
	need to put the reason for keeping the id, need to increase the font because will not be enforcable if too small
	how can keep account forms? - legally
	just to keep just a separate table of SID's
	staff needs to start asking: "Do you already have an account?"
	when approve an account - make sure the entire name is on the
	form as stated on the ID
	whats the added value?
	      can prevent dublicate accounts
	yury is going to look up Calnet Authentication stuff and
	implement the necessary code

* mattfong: www.ocf.berkeley.edu
	forwarding from ocf.berkeley.edu to www.ocf.berkeley.edu
	mattfong is going to look into redirect headers

* mbh: willing to donate of 700Mhz Athlon
        has 2 HD's with Linux and Windows    
	
* frank: still not getting staff email
        dwc: enjoy your spam

* mattfong: procmail for staff
	staff mail goes to staff instead of expanding it
	then send out to everybody on the staff list
	idea - kill spam once, instead of sending it out to everyone
	spam killed once - then tagged - then sent to user, only then
	     procmail
	somebody needs to be responsible for checking spam addressed
		 to staff which could be good mail
	geo and mattfong volunteered to take care of procmail

* dima: are we enforcing ocf banner on virtually hosted student group
  webpages
	yes, send the list to SM and they will be punished

IV. BOD elections

call for BOD additions
mbh, frank, aoshi voted on BOD	    
on BOD effective next meeting

brando: motion to close
griffin: second

Meeting closed at 8:15pm

Respectfully submitted,

Dmitriy Shirchenko
