Date: Tue, 29 Jan 91 01:12:24 PST
From: soda!Eng.Sun.COM!welch (Sean N. Welch)
Message-Id: <9101290912.AA07276@excellent.Eng.Sun.COM>
To: bod@ocf.Berkeley.EDU
 
These are indeed the Official Minutes of the Meeting of the Board of
Directors of the Open Computing Facility.  Accept no substitute.
 
The semester got off to a roaring start with the usual suspects.
Those present included:
 
        appel - our fearless GM
        blojo - rambunctious young upstart
        cgd - rgm wanna be
        dpassage - just who is this guy?
        gwh - famous usenet personality
        ianb -
        mehlhaff - dweller in the underground
        rgm - our fearless SM
        rsr - roy by any other name
        welch - your's truly
        yukai - ever present, and I look up his name every time
 
The first order of business was the ritual of the fish.  If you
weren't there, mere text cannot express to you what a moving
experience it was for all involved.  You can, however, simulate
this experience by going to the candy shop in the ASUC and asking
the salesgirl named Darlene for a pound of sour fish.  Give her
the money, and tell her Sean sent you.  Having acquired a bag of
small, semi-transparent tidbits, place them all in your mouth and
try to imagine upgrading to X11R5 Alpha will will come out in the
middle of February.  Only by doing this can you attempt to reach
the higher plane on which the meeting was conducted.
 
After the ritual of the fish, the ritual of Margaret was conducted.
 
We reviewed the printer problem briefly, and for those of you who
missed it the Nth time around, here's where we currently stand.
We should be able to implement the software we have now without
too much trouble (yeah, sure) by simply reconfiguring it.  We still
have no toner, and so that became an issue later in the meeting.
Keep reading for details.
 
Appel discussed with us the results of our letter to that Tien dude,
the one in the big house.  It was termed as being rather ambiguous,
perhaps saying "No", but in a very polite way.  We still all have
the greatest enthusiasm for the success of the mission.  Having
received the letter, he met with bh.  The meeting was termed "boring
and unproductive."
 
At this point in the meeting, blojo quipped:
 
        One fish, two fish, red fish, blue fish.
 
He quickly followed up with
 
        Send a fish to hardyck.
 
We quickly moved onto the issue of toner cartridges, and printing in
general, after we recovered from Jon's poetic wit.  There was little
debate as we pushed the issue back onto the old issue stack and hoped
it wouldn't resurface.  As a possible way of burying it, someone said
that printing was merely an aside since we didn't have a decent word
processor and that we should talk about that.  We did, for a little
while, and eventually decided that we would most likely never have one
and not to worry about it for now.
 
Back to printing.  We decided that we should get some toner regardless
of what else happened.  After some debate, we voted to use our manna as
it would evaporate if we didn't.
 
Having participated somewhat in the debate, Adam Glass was overcome
by how well the Board was dealing with adversity, said something about
how it was better than it had ever been back in the old days, and begged
to be readmitted to the Board.  (Or at least that's how I remember it.)
With a vote of 11 yes, 1 abstention, and 1 no vote for Partha (just
like the old days I'd say), it was made so.
 
We talked briefly about the ex-user (not X user) dburr, and it was
stated that we were going to let him back into the cluster.  His
account had been turned off as per his request last semester after
some questionable activities of his concerning the running of a MUD.
Rgm was quoted as saying "the user is always right."
 
Next week we will be discussing the Constitution - something to think
about, from the BoD.
 
In a shameless plug for the CSUA, Blojo mentioned the CSUA General meeting,
on the 29th. Contact you local CSUA member for the full scoop, or read
one of the many beautiful flyers you might find in Evans and Cory Halls.
Also look for the UNIX (TM) help sessions, you newbies.
 
Elections - they are to be in the third week of school.  dpassage was
voted to be the MC (not to be confused with touch@soda).
 
Productive meetings?  We would like to get back to them.  Do your part.
 
Back to that printing stuff.  We decided that the issue of printing was
more than just a matter of getting toner.  We reopened the discussion of
free printing.  We had previously decided that we would allow each user
a quota, based on how much money we would have, with which they could
print for free, and then pay for each sheet after they had filled their
quota.  We decided that given the unstable nature of the universe, it
would be foolish to assume anything about the users' printing habits.
Better, we more recently decided, to let them print for as long as we
had the toner.  Hopefully we will be able to continue to get funding
from the EJC, and perhaps even increase our budget next year, but until
then, we will make do with what we have.
 
Sean Welch
"What are you going to do with your life?        Nothin." - The Replacements
