To: Board of Directory of the OCF <bod@headcrash.Berkeley.EDU>
From: Sean N. Welch <soda!ocf.Berkeley.EDU!welch>
Cc: Sean N. Welch <welch@ocf.Berkeley.EDU>
Subject: Minutes from the April 1, 1991 Board of Directors Meeting
Date: Wed, 03 Apr 91 20:49:56 PST
Sender: soda!ocf.Berkeley.EDU!welch
 
 
These are indeed the Official Minutes of the Meeting of the Board of
Directors of the Open Computing Facility.  Accept no substitute.
 
Those present included:
 
        appel                   cgd                     dpassage
        glass (NOT)             gwh                     mehlhaff
        welch                   yukai
 
The only notable quote was made by appel, and you'll have to ask him
about it.
 
Margaret was mentioned by glass, despite the fact that he told the
Board he wasn't there.
 
With regards to the appointment of the new disk-czar, welch:  there
wasn't much said about the whole matter.  appel asked if anyone had
anything to say about the matter.  dpassage said that he would have
liked to have been involved in the decision making process, but appel
pointed out that he was sent mail and didn't reply.  (It should be
noted that appel knew dpassage was in Colorado.)  gwh also was less
than happy about the transition, but did not raise any substantial
objections.  He did, however, note that the software that had been
used to generate the offender listings was defective, and furthermore,
not his fault.
 
The other topic of discussion was the possibility the OCF being tasked
with running a cluster of personal computers.  The various pros and cons
of Macintoshes and IBM PC's were discussed (and I won't go into the
details since it is, for the most part a religious issue).  It is more
likely that we will be getting Macitoshes, though it really has not yet
been decided.
 
Sean Welch
"What are you going to do with your life?        Nothin." - The Replacements
