Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
fydai
kmo
njha
ronitnath
snarain
ziyaoz

Guests in attendance:
cooperc

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 8

Meeting Started at 20:13


Kmo asks andrei to take notes
Kmo asks 3 other people to take notes
meanwhile, the notes have already begun to be taken.

Kmo asks for people to put office hours up, incentivizes by saying he'll make the PR as long as people tell him what time to use. His offer has been extended from last week to this week, until "Monday" (assumedly, February 1st. 2022 lmaoooo)

We start talking about _the form_. Snarain talking.
First staff meeting still needs to be planned. @internalcomm (ie me, notetaker) what events do we have planned?
Ronit talks about some internalcomm plans, concludes by saying that we'll be doing more planning over the weekend for us  to do things

## Kmo brings up _the form_ once more. Hands off to snarain.
Talks about how it was edited from when first introduced. We're going to email the new staffers after they've joined to try and increase engagement.

rrchan brings up that we should have a field for people to talk about whatever they want so we can get more information about the person. Ronitnath notes that we have a section like that. rrchan also brought up that we should mention that we'll follow up more over email. ronitnath says this is a good idea and that it will be implemented

## Kmo gives to industry comm
Andrew Aikawa talks about how there's a startup (Everlaw) we're going to have a tech talk with. Get your resumes, get your friends, get yourself +2 coming to the event. More resumes means easier times getting more companies later.

cooperc asks about other companies? asai mentions there are more in consideration.

cooperc leaves F in the chat

asai continues: we should also have more events, looking over resumes, talking, other types of events. We could have a hackathon over president's day weekend (for historical reasons) but all options are on the table.

asai and rrchan note duefully that they are not committee heads (and therefore have limited responsibility)

kmo thanks.

snarain mentions WE NEED TO ADVERTISE THIS REALLY WELL (emphasis added by notetaker)

## next topic! family system

kmo talks about what we're looking for. Mentions that we talked about it last semester. Mentions we should have some more semester long projects. Mentions that we have foundational projects (like "the behemoth of python code" of ocflib) so we should use the family system to also better introduce people to things at the ocf to work on.

snarain talking. We should create new tasks and projects, not just editing some old lines in some old code bases.

rrchan asks to ask question, then asks question. Last semseter when we were taking about how the old family system was bad who leads the family matters a lot as well. So do we have plans on that?

Kmo says yes, we've contacted people. His personal thoughts: along with bigger families we should have multiple family heads (ie mentor, social events organizer) 

Ronitnath mentions we could have alum help with family heads.

Asai mentions this is a good idea, and that baisang came back as part of his family. Notes that we should start deciding who's going to lead it soon.

Kmo asks if people are interested in being the heads, that he wanted to sort this out right now.

Asai nominates himself and rrchan, but not as committee heads. And kmo must be on the ticket. Oh jk, he just clarified, he wants to be in the same family as Kmo. 

Kmo puts a bunch of potential names out. Kmo, fydai, njha, snarain, ronitnath.

Njha says that's not a great idea (for him to be a head) and that he would "hard throw" and only have 2 events. Fydai mentions this would be an improvement over the average of 0 events.

Ronitnath sorts out time for first internal comm meetings

Kmo mentions he is excited for "animation" nights (wink wink) (dear reader, much more context is required) 

snarain talks about how the projects list is too long and overwhelming. That potential new people were wondering what projects to do and snarain didn't really know what to mention.

ronitnath talks about how new people, when asking about which projects we have, are expecting something like a client project, or a project leader for whose project they would be applying for.

kmo opens the floor

rrhcan mentions senior staffers could just publicize their project more, and that they'd be showing them around the project.

Kmo clarifies what this is.
It is:
Have a veteran staffer get new staffers onto a project ~ direct quote fro snarain's interpretation.

Kmo also interested in a "staff workshop" to talk about what improvements could be made to the lab.

## Kmo asks what commcomm has

ronitnath talks about rehabilitating the ocf's image, and getting copy to classes, discords, and social medias (including asuc?)

kmo asks if copy is ready. Ronit says more or less yes

kmo asks when they'll go up. Ronit asks (after some meandering) that probably friday morning

## ocf vps

njha brings this up, that we're going to get servers anyways, so we should spend that on this, get 3 beefy servers

looking to spend 30-40k total on servers, so wants to start small first

ziyao asks how kubernetes handles vm's. fydai says we can configure them for that.

kmo wonders how powerful the servers could be. njha says the most cost effectiveis 64 core severs, 10-12k each. 

Jokes about how this is kinda just atlas again.

George Lee asks if we have opstaff, we do, mentions that market research for demand for vps could be work done by opstaff. 

njha mentions that people shouldn't use it to run their startup. Fydai mentions that we have a noncommerical entity clause.

ronitnath silently wonders if we could do something like that in the future though?

kmo asks if we want to keep the meeting going. consensus is no.

some talk about acquiring o.cf lmaooo




Meeting Adjourned at 20:57

Notetaker: ronitnath
