Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
ethanhs
fydai
kmo
ncberberi
njha
ronitnath
snarain

Guests in attendance:
rjz*

Guests marked with a * suffix were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 5

Meeting Started at 20:12

BoD agenda: https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/3KSjootvR7ywmuvQaQdzqw?both#

- Upcoming Events and Announcements
    - DeCal is still in need of facilitators (a5, b8, b10)
        - ronit: why is this a problem now (compared to previous semesters)?
        - ethanhs: decal involvement has been traditionally a problem in the past, but not to this degree
        - there are less alumni this semester than previous semesters maintaining the course, perhaps some outreach should be done to spread lessons among more facilitators
    - ATDP Explorations
        - Short courses targeted towards K-12 over the summer that student staff can help facilitate, potentially on OCF-oriented topics
            - kmo suggested bringing in a group effort to work on the OCF
        - ethanhs: the OCF as a whole should avoid pursuing a full blown partnership with ATDP Explorations
        - kmo: disagree, pursuing something like this is a unique opportunity that likely won't happen again. the OCF should use this opportunity to help raise awareness of the OCF among local communities
        - ronitnath: agree on outreach, disagree on immediate rollout
        - kmo motions to move discussion of this topic later, revisiting once a plan has been developed
- rt#10015: ASUC Spending & New Hypervisors(?)
    - kmo ran down the gist of the ticket ($49k), with njha + ethanhs
    - ethanhs: new hypervisors, including backup server (with storage), and a new HPC node
        - old hypervisors are getting, well, old
            - Some of these hypervisors just don't work reliably anymore (such as jaws)
        - Two new components:
            - New hypervisor: 4-in-1 system (four machines) = ~30k 
            - HPC: System + 2 GPUs = ~15k leftover
    - ronitnath: asked questions about ASUC spending, leftover funds, the need for new hypervisors, etc.
    - BoD is mostly positive on this development
    - kmo motions either to vote tonight or move to coming weeks
        - njha: will likely move to coming weeks since a quote still has to be decided
        - NEW ACTION ITEM: get quotes for these hypervisors!
- Committee Updates
    - University Affairs
        - Met with Megan last week to make up for previously missing weekly meeting
        - Mostly talked about OCF logistics, status update on BoD stance on student conduct
        - mfox brought up the proposal (and strongly recommended) student stipends, which has been a historically controversial proposition
    - Met with opstaff + kdr on Friday
        - Talked to opstaff about new opstaff project idea list (linked above), checking in with current progress on existing/previous projects
    - Internal
        - Had meeting last Saturday with family head check-ins, will plan more in future
        - Hack Day pushed to mid-April
        - snarain comments that the CTF was incredibly successful, with the most turnout on Discord VC in a long, long while. (woohoo!)
    - Industry and Alumni Relations
        - Everlaw is busy after spring break
        - asai will update the ticket with more information
    - Finance
        - ABSA was filled out last Sunday and ready to go
            - The link to review is https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HbLSLFgdm7u8de-i4xrUA2KOrjsjo1lWak-LfaJ41vE/edit
        - Still pushing forward with STF
    - Communications
        - Decided that family heads will start sending emails in regards to family-specific events :O
        - STF promotion efforts

Meeting Adjourned at 20:51

Notetaker: kmo
