Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
bencuan
fydai
kmo
ncberberi
njha
snarain
ziyaoz

Guests in attendance:
ethanhs*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 6

Meeting Started at 20:13

### Announcements:
- DeCal: b3, b4, a5, b8, b10 are still looking for facilitators.
- ATDP may be back in session this summer and they are looking for facilitators from the OCF. They pay money.
- Reminder to use BoD queue.
- Reminder to add cool projects to the Project Ideas spreadsheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qLOJPlf3t_cC1Z_HMVhBqCJ6A7zBjuO9WdEmfDgo3ug/edit

### rt#9936: Changing BoD time
Best times are:
- Tuesday 8-9pm
- Thursday 7-8pm
- Friday 7-8pm
BoD votes for Tuesday 8-9pm.

### Buysheet
1000x Nvidia QUADRO GV100: This is a meme, rejected.
Giant tux plushie:
- Probably wouldn't be able to buy it now, since shipping is an issue. But it's a used item on eBay - it may not be available in the future.
- We have a lot of extra money probably.
- BoD votes to reject.

### Family system
- Two families at this point: kmo/ronitnath and jaw/bencuan.
- Families will have short weekly check-ins.
- The families will be announced on Monday.

### rt#9951: Plagarism case
- Please read the ticket.
- tl;dr: Megan emailed us about a "paper database" at OCF. It turns out that 2 people from the Office of Student Conduct wanted more info about a paper that was in a public_html. A former student uploaded that paper to their own public_html, then the current student plagarised it.
- There was a meeting - one of the people from the OSC wanted to collaborate with them.
Questions:
- (1) Should the OCF be involved in any takedown requests that arenâ€™t under DMCA? In this case, should we/do we have to follow University guidelines on takedown requests?
- (2) If yes to the previous question, should we be working with the Office of Student Conduct to keep them further informed about our services? In the meeting with Megan and a few people from the OSC, they mentioned that they wanted to keep in touch.
- (3) How can we make our policies clearer? This could include updating the policies listed on our website.
Discussion:
- ethanhs notes that we do need to follow university policies, including policies about academic honesty.
- snarain: Hosting their own paper for personal reasons vs aiding with plagarism are two different cases. This specific case seems like the former.
- asai: It's not clear which policies apply to us. This needs summarization in the BoD ticket.
- cooperc: We don't need to go out of our way to accomodate the OSC. If there is a concrete violation of policies they can bring it to us.
- asai agrees.

### Raising awareness for STF funding
- We want people to vote for STF. We can email blast or doing other things to promote it.
- ethanhs: We should just email blast everyone with an account.
- We need to be aware of campaigning rules, will check on that.

### rt#9942: Long-term backup storage
- We are using Box for offsite backups going back 6 months - we are one of the biggest users of Box on campus. The university may need to move away from Box.
- We spoke about this with some people back in Spring 2020.
- We don't know what the status is on this - maybe check w/ minos?

## Committee checkins
### University Affairs
- Meeting w/ Megan on Thursday
    - ABSA / STF deadlines
    - We should figure out how much funds we have lol
- Meeting w/ Eleanor stil undetermined, working on it.

### Opstaff projects
- Met with kdr.
- List of opstaff projects: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qLOJPlf3t_cC1Z_HMVhBqCJ6A7zBjuO9WdEmfDgo3ug/edit#gid=1229142273

### Internal
- Family system updates as discussed earlier.
- Hack day is being planned.
- kmoverse is taking over https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~kmo/ocf/schedule/

### Communications
- Sending out recap?

### Finance
- Waiting on ABSA.
- STF still ongoing

### Industry and Alumni Relations
- Confirming speaker from Everlaw.
    - Probably late Feb/early Mar.


Meeting Adjourned at 20:58

Notetaker: cooperc
