OCF Board Meeting
Oct 24, 2013 8:14pm
2C Hearst Gym

Directors in attendance:
ANSHUMAN DEWANGAN <anshuman>
CHRISTOPHER B KUEHL <ckuehl>
Dara Adib <daradib>
DAISY LEI <dlei>
FIONA TANG <ftang>
KEVIN YANG PENG <kpengboy>
MATTHEW JAMES MCALLISTER <mattmcal>
Sanjay Krishnan <sanjayk>
TAKESHI MOCHIDA <tmochida>
WILLIAM HO <willh>
XINGHUA DOU <xinghuad>

Guests:
Nader Morshed <morshed>

Meeting begins.

## Updates

There was a fun and eventful hike to the Big C last Saturday.

UPS appears to be failing. Battery removed to test if one of the four
batteries has gone bad. The batteries are four years old so failure
can be expected.

Lab computers and tsunami SSH login server had some downtime,
apparently due to a network filesystem (NFS) issue apparently caused
by clock skew. Also some printer issues and short ocf.io downtime due
to third-party DNS provider.

Chris is working a web application for virtual host requests. Nick is
working on setting up the new Cisco managed switch. Timmy is upgrading
servers to Debian wheezy.

## Naia Lounge

Naia Lounge is the future space of the OCF after it moves out of its
current temporary space sometime around Spring 2015. There was a
meeting last week with the ASUC and architects to discuss the space
layout and furniture. A picture of the plans was shown during the
meeting but could not be released, by request of the Lower Sproul
Redevelopment committee.

## Workshop

Time to meet for Saturday workshop was voted on. It was agreed to meet
in the conference room with laptops at 1pm for a workshop on git
version control.

Meeting ends at approximately 9pm.
