OCF General Meeting
10/03/2013
Hearst Gym 2C

Meeting begins at 8:14pm

- Brian Harvey is faculty advisor.
    - OK
- GM and SM elections
    - Anyone can nominate themselves
    - Short explanation of GM and SM positions
    - There is currently one known nominated person for GM and SM, respectively.
        - Dara is nominated for GM and Timmy is nominated for SM.
    - [vote begins]
    - [vote tabulation begins]
    - 15 people voted
    - GM is elected Dara Adib
    - SM is elected Timmy Zhu
- Board of Directors
    - Remember, BoD requires a supermajority to reach quorum.
    - People added to BoD:
        - sanjayk
        - kpengboy
        - rishikap
        - anshuman
        - tararez
        - johnkkim
        - willh
        - tmochida
        - sgoel
        - xinghuad
        - mattmcal
        - ftang
        - peterwu
        - ykwong
        - deliali

BoD begins at ~8:30pm
- Discontinuation of main email service
    - Email is forwarded only
    - Local receiving only
        - Global receiving for system accounts (RT), some staff, and groups only
    - 1) Forward-only
    - 2) Phase out going forward
    - 3) Phase out for all non-exception people
    - Vote: Make OCF email forward-only [in >= 2 weeks]
        - Motion by Sanjay, seconded by Timmy 
        - Yea: Hivemind; Nay: ??; Abstrain: ??
    - Vote: Remove external @ocf.berkeley acceptance for everyone except staff, groups, and old people [in 1~2 months]
        - Tabled
- Printing
    - People print at OCF more and more.
    - Buying real toner is too expensive, so we buy cheap toner.
    - Everything is breaking
    - Congestion due to traffic
    - Dara suggests to bring the daily printing limit to 10~15 pages a day.
    
    - Suggestions from the peanut gallery
        - 10 is too little because readings
        - Printing hours
        - Encourage "printer conservation tactics"
        - Discount from HP?
        - Cutting printing entirely
            - NO MORE MONEYS
        - fundraising?
        - this is a temporary problem
            - in future space
        - More printers?
            - Re-evaluate in bigger space
        - Outsourcing
            - Support contract
	- What does staff like to do? Not printing
	- Vote: 10 page trial daily limit with 30 pages on weekend starting next week
		- Motion introduced by Sanjay, seconded by Timmy
		- Maybe more daily pages for weekend?
		- Aye: all in attendance; Nay: 0; Abstain: 0
	- Good Ideas:
		- Printing Hours
		- Contact HP
		- Save Paper notices
