OCF Bod Meeting - 14 March 2001

BOD Members Present
Ajani       Bem Jones-Bey
Akopps      Akop Pogosian
Bac         Brett Cannon
Calman      Stephen Callahan
Ceugene     Eugene Chan
Gmg         Gabe Gonzalez
Ivan        Ivan Jen
Jeffe       Jeff Emrich
Smcc        Stephen McCamant
Suztang     Soodtida Tangpraphaphorn
Wyc         Wayne Chan

Others Present
Sasfaw      Samson Asfam
Stephhou    Stephanie Hou

Meeting started at 18:25 PST.

Minutes by Jeffe.

GM Report:
Gmg found a typewriter so the SAS budget forms could be filled out.  Now Gmg
has to make 6 double-sided copies of them.  Air conditioning is crawling
along with an estimated cost $38,000.

SM Report:
Smcc asks the PIMPs what is going on with stopping people from abusing
printing.  They say that they are going to email the people who are printing
too much.  The net has gone down twice in the past week - more later.  GNOME
is almost working, thanks to efforts from Smcc and Dsrogers.  Death rebooted
several times by itself, but no one knows why.  War tends to reboot when a
lot of people are in Barrows.  Akopps notes that it the disks on Death are
old and should be replaced.

Akopps makes lame joke that tries to be topical but fails horribly.  Several
of the TDA units are now up and running for burn-in period.  IS&T says that
it will take another 6 weeks for anything to happen with new networking.
The new monitor lock kits have been applied to Mudslide and Maelstrom.
Akopps asks if he should by more lock kits for the extra monitors for the
lab.  Gmg says why not.  The new tape drive has not shown up in the mail.
Akopps will call the supplier if it does not show up by tomorrow.  He also
inquired to Sun about the situation involving the random failure of our Sun
machines.  Tee is working on preventing sorryed users from having their mail
bounce.

The phone is still stalled.  It has taken so long for something to happen
that the university departments involved in with it have forgotten about us.

A/C rearing its ugly head (slab drilling anyone?):
Neither Kenao nor Cpfeyh are here, so there is no discussion about A/C.

Our net hanging by a coax, literally (at least we can complain to David):
Smcc states that we can talk to David in Eshleman or "some guy in the
basement named Bob" as to what is going on with these network failures.
Smcc talked to "Bob" and was given an out of date map of the network along
with +5 communication skill.  David does not seem to fully understand the
net situation, because he did not know about the thin Ethernet until it
broke this week.

When our next general meeting should be:
The BOD agrees that there should not be another general meeting this
semester.

Fixing the Theater Rice problem:
In order to prevent future abuse similar to that attempted by Theater Rice
(that is, signing up for multiple accounts to circumvent quota) Smcc
presented the BOD with a policy change.  Smcc motions to adopt this policy.
Ivan seconds.  It passes unanimously.

"I have something to add to New Business" - Akopps
Akopps states that staff members who do not want root mail can e-mail the SM
to be changed to the new-staff list.

Second, Akopps suggests reducing spam to staff.  The BOD agrees that this is
a good idea.

"Let's all make fun of Ken together" - Gmg
Kenao has sent out several messages to ocf-announce that were not discussed
with anyone else first.  It is suggested that ocf-announce to be restricted.
However, it is noted that Kenao is one of the few staff members who actually
is motivated and does work for the OCF, so he is let off the hook.

Where should the minutes go?
Akopps suggests that the minutes should be sent to ocf-announce.  The BOD
says "Nawwww."  He continues with, well, maybe they should be posted to the
newsgroup.  The BOD replies with "We have a newsgroup?"  Then references are
made to our IRC channel and one hozerish user who was really annoying.

"I have a question.  Do they allow liquor in Heller?" - Bac
No, but of course one could smuggle liquor into the lab.  At first, Akopps
wants to remove all the tinting from the windows in the lab.  "You mean the
tinting we paid $3,000 for?" - Smcc.  Then Akopps suggest just removing
tinting on the door, so that we can see out of it at night.  It is agreed
that this is a good idea.

New BOD Members:
Sasfaw and Stephhou are added to BOD.

Drew motions to close the meeting.  Wyc seconds.  Meeting closed at 19:04.

-- Jeffe



