OCF BOD Meeting - 7 March 2001

BOD Members Present
Ajani   Bem Jones-Bey
Akopps  Akop Pogosian
Bac     Brett Cannon
Calman  Stephen Callahan
Ceugene Eugene Chan
Cpfeyh  C. Patrick Feyh
Gmg     Gabe Gonzalez
Ivan    Ivan Jen
Jeffe   Jeff Emrich
Kenao   Kenneth Ott
Smcc    Stephen McCamant
Suztang Soodtida Tangpraphaphorn
Wyc     Wayne Chan

Meeting started at 18:25.

GM Report
ASUC funding will be more difficult this year.  They want more detailed
accounting of where money is going, so we have to come up with solid numbers
for everything.

Air conditioning is moving along slowly.  We have had some estimates as to
how much we need, but nothing solid.  Kenao and Jeffe have been trying to
figure out our A/C needs. Cpfeyh has done much research on this and has all
sorts of info.  He's the one with all the contacts.

Gmg noted that he as been cleaning up a lot around the lab.  He does not
like this.

SM Report
Smcc actions are unknown since he is not here right now, but he does arrive
later.  Akopps notes that the lab is now running Solaris 8.  We have
additional locks for the machines.  Nothing has happened with the broken
tape drive.  The P-Pro machines seem old, as do the drives associated with
the TDA.  This may greatly reduce the life of the TDA.

ASUC Budget
Gmg has been busy, so not much has happened with the budget.  It is due next
Friday, and we need a typewriter to fill it out.  No one seems able to
locate one.  Everything for next year has to be itemized. Also, all expenses
from last year have to be broken down and itemized.

We received a donation check for $33 in the mail today thanks to a generous
benefactor.  Will this be the solution to all of OCF's funding problems?

Da Fridge
Akopps states that he does not like the idea of having food or food related
machinery located in the server room.  It is agreed that the fridge will be
moved and locked so that general users cannot open it.  This morphs into a
discussion about the comfy chair and what to do with it.

Theater Rice
This student group really just wants disk space.  That is why they decided
to sign up for multiple accounts.  They were told to contact DUMB for more
disk space.  This tactic of signing up for several accounts just to avoid
quota cannot be tolerated, because we didn't think of it first.

Little Green Men
Ajani motions to give Mars 2012 a 60 MB quota.  Kenao seconds.  It passes.
This is based on a past agreement that if Mars 2012 removed their server
from co-location we would give them more space (virtual space that is).

This turns into a tangent about giving people more space and twists into a
pipe dream involving a multi-tiered system in which we charge users for
different levels of additional space.

It's the Norton Ghost!
We now have Norton Ghost, which will either increase or decrease or have no
impact on our problems.  Staff intends to use Ghost of create a unified
Windows 2000 install to reduce administration of the Gateway machines.

"Hey, we're not done yet" -- Gmg
Someone this morning traded the Building Ops fan for a scanner.  No one
really knows how or why this happened.

The Lab is on Fire!
Akopps expressed concern over a microwave to which all users have access.
He noted it could catch on fire because certain users do not seem to know
how to use a microwave.  This will be solved within the next week.

Networking
Is moving along slowly like always.  Akopps is going to buy a new switch
Barrows.

Meeting closed at 18:50.  Motion by Suztang.  Seconed by Ajani.



