28 February 2001 - BOD Meeting

BOD Members Present
Akopps  Akop Pogosian
Bac   Brett Cannon
Calman  Stephen Callahan
Ceugene Eugene Chan
Cpfeyh  C. Patrick Feyh
Drew   Andrew Cheng
Gmg    Gabe Gonzalez
Ivan    Ivan Jen
Jeffe   Jeff Emrich
Jones Devin Jones
Smcc    Stephen McCamant
Wyc    Wayne Chan

Others Present
Ajani   Bem Jones-Bey
Kenao   Kenneth Ott
Mconst  Michael Constant

Meeting Started at 18:25 PST

GM Report
Security cables purchased.  New funding forms -- more on funding later.  New
electrical outlets installed in Heller in order to move front entrance next
to OCF. Phone will be installed later.

SM Report
Smcc started a cron job today that will create a PIMP report every three
days.  The scanner now works with the program xscanimage.  But it is kind of
crufty, so if you really need to scan you can.  Calman notes that you can
use the Gateways to scan with downloaded software.  Others point out that
there is really no place to keep the scanner next to the Gateways.

Akopps enters.  "What happened this week, Akop?"  "Nothing."  Oh yeah, I
installed Solaris 8 this week, but broke Mudslide's CD writer in the
process.

- Drew reports that all the CDs in the Suns now work.
- We now have "Donated by Gateway" and "Floppy Drive doesn't work" official
signs created by Akopps.

Old Biz
The jobs fair is no more, due to a lack of work by the Jobs Fair Committee
and an economic downturn.   Also, there has been a flood of jobs fairs.  The
ASUC senate will not be happy with this, time to send some letters to patch
things up.

No one from Theater Rice showed up to this meeting.  What's up with Theater
Rice?  They signed up for seven (7) accounts in order to get more quota.
Should they be allowed to have seven accounts?  Most agree that we need
someone from Theater Rice to explain why they need so many accounts.  GMG
decided to write a policy.

New Biz
It's ASUC funding time, so how much paper do we need?  Down to one case of
paper (5000 pages) - it seems that a case of paper lasts 1.5 weeks, and a
toner cart lasts 4 cases.  It probably works out to about $4000 per year for
printing, plus the cost of a new printer, according to GMG.  Funding need to
be researched more to get hard numbers.

Adopt-a-cow
How is the Adopt-a-Gateway going?  Mediocre, like everything else at the
OCF.  We need to compile a list of who is in charge of which machine.  The
SMs are OK with it, as long as it doesn't impact the Windows partition.

CD-Burning
Should we get CD-Burning working for General users?  Calman agrees to look
into the technical issues as to getting this to work.

Printing
Users tend to delete the shortcut to log into printing.  This digresses into
a discussion about how the users can't read signs.

Supplies
GMG says he will order more staples.  The lab mice are quickly dying - what
can we do?

Kenao and Ajani are added to BOD.

Meeting Closed at 19:10 PST

-- Jeffe



