OCF Board 2-21-01

bod present: drew, wyc, smcc, ivan, ceugene, jeffe, suztang,
calman, bac, sasfem, gmg, akopps

also present: ajani

GM report:

Got subsidy for career fair, will order stationary supplies next
week. Sat around lab.

SM report:
Got sun keyboards from CSUA. one of them works. convinced akopps
to give up keyboard from conquest. Mechanical sun mice on monsoon.
Working on getting a rack of TDA disks to connect to death. 6 that
are attached right now. *Only* 20gb hd space. Compiled Gimp 1.2.1
and library. Jeremy compiled new pine. Printer is unhappy but alive
Went to CSUA poliburo meeting. They argued about screwdrivers.

drew: Paolo (CSUA) requested a ppro from us. Put it on the agenda.

#drew takes notes interim, for 1/2 the PIMP(wyc)
angry black man
Policy:	-250pg static limit....
	-sorried user if over this limit
	-Policy and quota's start TOMMORROW  2/22/2001

	stupid users don't log out-->unsorry people to counter this
	stupid users(deservedly) get they're printing used up.
	PIMP request form possibly passed to the chief beurecrat for crafting.
	possible warnings will be given

Arguements:   should we sorry the users for excessive printing.(A Wake up call)
  	-users that hoze printing don't log in anyway...
  	-it is possible to just shut off that users printing without sorrying users
  wyc: price for printing 10cents (toner,paper,printer costs)
  smcc: price calculated during acct form discussion was closer to 2.5cents

  Akopps: we could remove all their files instead(disk reclaimation)
  		or charge them for using more resources than they are allocated

gmg: doesn't want to do the collecting of money.
	and is in favor of turning off printing
ajani: automatically denial for disk quota issues is less work for us cause
	 they can fix it themselves
ceugene: is on a bad acid trip...and talks of how users stupidity causing
them to get
  	sorried is just like being tried wrongly for murder
  	(calman comments about how his head is up his ass)

gmg reclaims  control...

AngryBlackMam is confused...talks of how he almost got sorried for playing
quake
	A warning at 200 pages is like a yellow light.
	Staff co-sign can get people back their printing.
PIMP prefers sorries....but will accept just killing individual printing
maybe we can get automatic print caps...(cron)

#wyc back
compromise resolution passes unanimously.

Job Fair:
gmg says he got collegehire to respond, but they're not willing to
sponsor. would only give a digital camera as a raffle. people don't
want to come because they've come a few times already, and the
economy's "fucked". Companies can't hire because they can't afford
to hire. We're in deep shit.

DeCal: still in the lab this week. Any objections for keeping it
in the lab? Nothing new from the DMB.

Multiple Group Account issues? smcc: 7 sas registration forms all
registered by the same person within 10 minutes. Bod has discretion
to disallow multiple groups registered to the same person. gmg says
to ask the person to come next week and defend their position. We
will have a moratorium on creating multiple groups registered to
the same person.

Tape Drive: akopps ordered it, $450 + shipping.

ppro request: tabled by drew until paolo shows up.

adjourned at 7:15pm


