OCF Bod Meeting - 25 April 2001

BOD Members Present
Ajani       Bem Jones-Bey
Akopps      Akop Pogosian
Bac         Brett Cannonn
Ceugene     Eugene Chan
Cpfeyh      C. Patrick Feyh
Fho         Frank Ho
Gmg         Gabe M. Gonzalez
Ivan        Ivan Jen
Jeffe       Jeff Emrich
Jones       Devin Jones
Smcc        Stephen McCamant
Suztang     Soodtida Tangpraphaphorn
Tiv         Travis Reynolds
Wyc         Wayne Chan

Others Present

Jacqueli    Jacqueline Bradley
Urania      Urania Juang



april 25 notes

gm report

got akop his money
talked to lavonia about finances, mou, heller staff annoyances 
(see later)


sm

pimp has been active
many ppl got warned/printing disabled
ultra1 mbs got returned/replaced
do we want print quotas to be public?

we found a nice clean type5 keyboard and I replaced the dirtiest one (smcc)
I also tried to clean a really dirty keyboard with rubbing alcohol, it works
but requires lots of rubbing.  

i'm planning on setting up new drive on death and move homedirs (akop)

please clean some keyboards, the stuff is in the file cabinet.  don't do it in
the lab, it's smelly


old biz:
AC still hasn't been put in.  
need to call CNS about new networking and phone stuff

new biz:
comphy chair - got thrown out, but not thrown very far.
The CSUA has expressed interest in it as lounge furniture

people have been daytrading
is this a legal thing for them to do?
probably.  Do we want to make a policy on it?
It's commerce, and money making.
gmg- I don't want to regulate what ppl do
ivan- it's money making!  I saw ppl
akop- mmm, windows machine logins
bem- dsr is working on this
ivan- forbid for process ocf use
all- too broad!
ceugene- you can't log into .com websites!
gmg- bogarting the computers for playing games is equiv


Heller Lounge Staff grievances-
-they want us to shoulder the costs of the alarm incidents
-complaints about doors being locked (doors are always locked)
-they think we're staffed 24x7

MOU-
-a provision that we pay for our own electricity
--how do they measure it?
-this is unacceptable until there is real accountability for electricity
-tom cordi is MIA
-access to the alarm panel - publications doesn't want access


jackie-

I got a nasty letter about printing over 250 pages.  I offered to pay
$10 to buy more paper.  Can I contribute paper or money to 
Further, I wasn't given notice.  The message was extremely nasty and 
disrespectful.  I'm going to send these messages to your parents and
see what they say about that.
I would have prefered a phone call.

gmg-  The language of the email has been revised.  if you have a grievance, 
talk to the pmp.  calahan and wice

j- calahan is prejudiced, he already said I have absolutely no options.

wice- please discuss this issue with 


the budget meeting-

we have a stake in the budget passing unammended
what are our arguements?
-ac
-electicity
-tape drive
