Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
abizer
awelty
bzh
cooperc
dkessler
ethanhs
jkuki
keur
minos
nikitnainwal
nint
php
tanx
wporr
yichizh

Guests in attendance:
andylo*
bernardzhao*
dphan*
jameszhu*
regex*
adityasri
nessaur

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 14

Meeting Started at 19:10

- Buy Queue (10 minutes)
  Staff computer
  Snacks
  Board Games

  Everything was approved.

- Lab Reservation:
  Berke1337 - 
  FAFSA Workshop 2/18, 2/25 6-8 or 7-9pm


- Updates:
  Referendum - Jenny had another meeting with CBO, is pessimistic
  Jenny says we should have gotten feedback by now - where is it?
  STF - Jenny is optimistic, STF strongly considering writing us into their referendum
  Had a meeting with Jenny last Thursday, talked a lot about OCF, future, working with STF long term, etc. bzh and php can also elaborate, perhaps.
  CACSFF - Jenny will talk to Bene and others on our behalf for feedback
  (time permitting) Whoâ€™s who at UC Berkeley

  Jenny excited for ATLAS.
  STF has funded XCF exploratory hardware.

- rt#7790: (cooperc) revisit potential contradictions in constitution
  When asai stepped down issues with contradictions. Clarifies nominations and makes a new section for nominations. See rt ticket for details.
  This begins the one week comment period, next week we should vote to amend it.
  Question about whether the GM can nominate after stepping down - follow OCF decision making process.

- rt#7969: (cooperc) mastodon policies
  We need content guidelines for moderating our mastadon instance.
  Current policies centered around lab use and webhosting.
  Lengthier policies since there is a higher potential for abuse. Suggested policies at https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ulJS95BSp1J3qWTsJbjgkH1Ev-_EDYGg7KpgnxX243w/edit?usp=sharing
  Concern about abridging freedom of speech related to ASUC consitution. Not worried about this since this is a service we provide.
  Please comment on the policies docs. Hopefully vote next week.
  
  Abizer suggests we should have account policy align with mastadon instance policy.
  Clarify account policies apply along with mastadon policies.

  We should sorry people's accounts if they pose a threat outside of mastadon.

  We shouldn't launch until policies are approved.

- rt#7977: (see also d#220) (mdcha, abizer, dkessler) administrative reorganization (ask for volunteers for committees, to be appointed DGMs w/ BoD affirmation at next meeting)
  SM and rootstaff technically have same power.
  Make committees for each area of organization GM,SM,Opstaff,ASUC,outreach
  awelty raised concerns about over-meeting -- we will just meet/talk over normal discussion channels. Committees can organize themselves.
  Please comment on discourse thread.

- rt#7988: (abizer) GSE MOU
  MOU looks decent based on abizer's first look.
  Just reviewing, will vote on it at a future BoD.
  A lot of thought put into it in previous meetings.
  Couldn't get money in case of damages, which derailed discussion.
  Want to make sure we are covered in terms of liability.

Other brief mentions:
  30th anniversary (Feb 16th) celebration: baisang suggests we perhaps rent out a restaurant and invite alumni from all around to come by, open up their wallets, etc. Hold it far enough in the future to let people come through from afar (e.g. dara) should they be interested.
  Tell people to add staff hours https://www.when2meet.com/?7448563-LDj6y

Carry from last week:
  rt#7935 (SLC meeting w/ Nicole Evans McIntyre) (Tell her if you want to go)
  rt#7565 (data retention policy) Someone should draft this to say we delete every 180 days


Meeting Adjourned at 20:10

Notetaker: ethanhs
