Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
abizer
andylo
awelty
bernardzhao
cooperc
dkessler
ethanhs
fydai
jameszhu
jerryzhou
jkuki
keur
minos
nint
php
racheltrujillo
regex
shmaeng
yichizh

Guests in attendance:
mdcha*
omarjamal*
yassermth*
adityasri*
ncberberi*
vaibhavj*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 13

Meeting Started at 19:16

Buysheet:

Two books, Internet Law by Grimmelmann and The Architecture of Open
Source Applications, were approved.

Kleenex was approved.

A community umbrella was approved.


Reservations:

FAFSA Event is Wednesday night.

Updates:

Printer purchase: we never got charged. We asked why and got hit with a
$13k bill. Corrected to $9.2k, need to submit PR to Megan.

GSE: MOU completed and sent to sgpierce. Now waiting on Megan / ASUC
to sign it.

STF Decisions:

- Both HPC and general funding grants were were invited for submission
  of full proposals. Need to submit by March 8.

- STF asked us to include letters of support for those using HPC. See
  rt#8037.

- Jenny said she met with new CTO's office and they had some
  misconceptions about the user-friendliness of our services, this is
  indicative of the fact that we need to advertise better.

- If you want to help with this, talk to bzh or ask in #hpc.

- We are also trying to reach out to NVIDIA, please help us draft the
  email reaching out (in officers drive).

rt#8034:

- We keep getting locked out of the lab. Reached out to Megan and she
  told us that she doesn't know of a way to give us access during
  holidays. We know that this is possible so we just need to figure
  out how it works.

- Opstaff has keycard, but newstaff do not. Seems like maybe awelty's
  keycard request got lost, since it was placed around the same time
  (before?) the opstaff request. We may resubmit.

- cooperc will email Arnold Widodo to ask for clarification on this
  stuff.

Recycling Bin:

- Minos gets a response: "Did you want a recycling bin added inside
  171 MLK? This would also require service to be added for staff to
  routinely empty the recycling bin."

- But we already have a recycling bin?

- Instead, BoD votes to approve ~$40 for a bigger recycling bin, on
  the buysheet.

GM reorganization:

- Decide to do informal public votes for each position. Each person
  running for a position can give a very short blurb about why they
  are running.

- University Affairs: abizer, awelty, and cooperc are approved as
  chairs.

- Funding: awelty and fydai are approved as chairs.

- Lab / Interior: minos and php were approved as chairs.

- Staff Affairs: php and regex were approved as chairs.

- DeCal: The approval vote was tabled.

- OpStaff: There were concerns and questions about the role of the
  committee. Does the committee manage opstaff or work on integrating
  opstaff with OCF projects? Also, how does this committee's role
  overlap with the OM? Is there a conflict of interest if an OA is a
  committee head? We may want to consider paying the OM to be a
  co-chair of this committee, or an ex-officio member. The discussion
  was pretty complicated, so the vote was tabled.

- Outreach: We are splitting this into subcommittees: Campus Outreach,
  Industrial, Alumni, and Community Outreach. We will table this vote
  as well.

Meeting Adjourned at 20:15

Notetaker: cooperc
