Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
abizer
adityasri
awelty
bernardzhao
bzh
cooperc
dkessler
dphan
fydai
jameszhu
jerryzhou
jkuki
keur
minos
ncberberi
nessaur
omarjamal
php
racheltrujillo
regex
tanx
yichizh
zeyad

Guests in attendance:
asai*
nikitnainwal*
sruesga

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 16

Meeting Started at 19:10

Abizer bought a bunch of lab necesities and will pick them up after the meeting.

Books for the OCF Library have begun to arrive.

Big recycling bin approved, separate from the one for paper.

Minos wants to buy two monitor arms. Cooperc suggests using them to make more two monitor setups. Abizer agrees.
Cooperc suggested testing the new setups with server room monitors.
Some discussion over how heavy three monitor setups are.
HDMI wireless connector suggested by Minos. Abizer brings up how the $140 cost makes it worse for us to lose, over regular HDMI cables.

Have we had more than one French Press in the OCF? Abizer remembers throwing one away, but cooperc says he used one last semester. Decided to buy new french press after bzh failed to find one in the storage room.

Abizer wanted clarification about the "delegation" language of the GSC document outlining their use of the lab over the summer.
STF grants are due this Friday, bzh has sent out emails about the HPC, awelty added HPC into total funding.
ABSA is out, report improvements to ASUC to get money, also hoping this year, blue and gold removed from our storage.
CACSSF also now open again, moving to funding new desktops, bzh mentioned seeking funding for accessibility improvements.

Regex and php spoke about meeting with Christopher Hunn about widening our diversity, and creating new swag to give away as gifts and 30th anniversary alums.
Need new designs for shirts/jackets.
Regex officially appointed to the staff affairs commitee, since she missed bod last week.

Freshman running from senate wants to partner with us, we are willing and will meet with him, even though we do not know what to think.
We need to investigate the political field in Berkeley to see who is most supportive of our services. Rachel might have connections with CalServe. Abizer notes that we should have as many political friends as we can get.
Senators will sponsor us, and will represent our importance politically.

Decal paperwork state has not been done. Abizer wants other (non-graduating) members to fill this out. Soon. @bernardzhao and @cooperc.

Finance 31k - 9k for printer = 22k. Need to plan our spending for the next two months, including the Hydra project, etc.
Baisang recommends spending immediately before ABSA to not look bad. New hypervisior, new nvme storate, etc.
We really need to brainstorm and coordinate spending.
Instead of adhoc, Minos suggests setting up to meet to plan this. Baisang recommends buying small things as well.
Mcint needs to reimburse. Baisang recommends buying non-bikeshedable items.

Minos suggests Tuesday night, tommorow, to meet and discuss this.

Cardkey access for new staffers - final call from abizer. Asking by hand seems to work, seems like the given form is not working.
Cooperc recommends we need to inform the correct persons why the existing form is not working. This is all a frustrating process from how slow, unresponsive, and untransparent things are.

Minos asks who should have the responsibility for printing, abizer suggests the PIMP: Print infrastructure management person.

cooperc and php think maybe commitees should be responsible for this, dkessler thinks its opstaff's job, and everyone agrees.

Promised 2 hour sla, we need to walk into the printer office in Moffit to ask wtf is going on, we bought the printers to not worry about these sort of things. After paying so much money, this is kind of unacceptable.
Further inquiry with who we bought them from is needed.

Minos also mentions that sometimes staff who stay late end up bringing together a lot of trash.

Cooperc mentions a sort of lab etiquite is needed for staff to clean up after themselves when they leave at night.

Perhaps cleaning up after ourselves should be written down somewhere. But either way, we just need to remember to respect the lab.

Hypervisors need to be restarted for kernel updates. Abizer has made some mistakes and things will not currently boot, but need to be fixed. This downtime is a good time for migrations as well. Abizer wants some help!

We need more irc & slack involvement. Rebuild and things can be intimidating, but asking is the best way to learn and talk.

Minos suggests changing the doors to be close softer by changing something in the resistance spring.
Spring break cleaning will need to be done, cost us some money, etc.
Window blinds also are looking to be bought.

Cooperc shoutouts the new dev status site (https://dev-status.ocf.io) and kanboard (https://kanboard.ocf.berkeley.edu) for tasks.


Meeting Adjourned at 20:14

Notetaker: bernardzhao
