Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
asai
awelty
bernardzhao
bzh
cooperc
dkessler
dphan
fydai
jerryzhou
jkuki
keur
minos
ncberberi
nessaur
nikitnainwal
php
racheltrujillo
wporr
yichizh

Guests in attendance:
nint*
quincyhuynh*
rrchan*
skuklinsky*
vaibhavj*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 14

Meeting Started at 19:20


* 8093: Cal VSA lab reservation
Lab will close March 19, 7-9pm. All approve.

* Buying stuff - spenditure meeting recap
Buy a hypervisor, costs around $12k
Hydra testbed? Could also end up becoming a hypervisor if hydra doesn't work out
Replacement keyboards? Our current model is discontinued, need to find a new keyboard to get.
Buying an ultrawide monitor for eruption?
 * cooperc/dkessler: prefer more monitors to one big monitor
 * baisang: could replace one of the double monitors stations with an ultrawide instead
CO2 monitor? could be useful to know if CO2 levels are too high
 * asai will put one on the buysheet
Chairs? We should talk to SUFMO about buying more instead of buying our own, since that's how we get our current chairs
Projector could be useful for people reserving the lab, expensive though
Jarvis desk? Could go in the space to the left of scanner machines
More on gdocs

We voted to allocate $10k to the Hydra project

* University affairs
We submitted STF Friday night! But forgot to talk about grad student numbers

* Staff affairs
Planning "Veteran Staff Chats" to get opinions from new staff, let them schedule times to chat with a veteran staffer
abizer: seems like a good idea, just need to make sure it actually happens
cooperc: we should make sure all family heads are on board
php: some staffers who aren't family heads should be able to hold these if we feel that they can
keur/cooperc: difference from staff hours?
 * php: we want a different atmosphere for these, more private, less possibility for random interruptions/ideas from others in the lab

* Outreach
Cal Day:
 * we want to table in Soda Hall
 * will it be like calapalooza?
   * baisang: one club does a tour of soda, another club does a showcase of CS classes. we should show off what we're working on and what we do
Anniversary dinner
 * need to plan this soon so we can give plenty of notice to alums who live far away. Need to find a restaurant
 * baisang: we need to call places to find them
 * wporr: how many people will go?
   * we have 20 alums in our alumni LDAP group, we could reach more on facebook.
 * abizer will send out an interest form to the interest group
 * (tentative) we will ask mdcha if he has restaurant suggestions
 * cooperc: when will it be?
  * interest form will have 3 choices for days, will all be in the beginning of dead week

* Industrial
abizer talked to Scott Shenker, we should set up a meeting with him to discuss NVidia and more

Meeting Adjourned at 20:04

Notetaker: dkessler
