Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
abizer
awelty
bernardzhao
bzh
cooperc
dkessler
dphan
fydai
jameszhu
jerryzhou
jkuki
keur
minos
nessaur
omarjamal
php
racheltrujillo
wporr
yassermth
yichizh

Guests in attendance:
tanx*
zeyad*
nikitnainwal
rrchan

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.


Quorum for this meeting is 15

Meeting Started at 19:13

* <RT NUMBER>: <TOPIC>

- Buysheet
  A stuffed baby gnu and a signed copy of RMS's collected essays was approved.

- Reservations
  New FASFA event this Thursday, as nobody came to last week's

- GSE summer use:
  Waiting on ASUC to read over the MOU

- STF
  Need to write full proposal, and need to send emails to other clubs asking support for HPC

- Nvidia
  We still need to reply to an email asking for free GPUs
  Want to market ourselves as a club that can provide people who actually want to program GPUs

- Committee head appointments
  Outreach and opstaff and DeCal were tabled for this week
  Opstaff committee removed as an official committee, replace with somebody liasing between opstaff and BoD

  Outreach:
  We want other clubs to know that we exist
  We want companies to give us free stuff (in exchange for engineers)
  We want alumni to feel still connected with the OCF
  We want to support organizations like the EFF, and have them give talks and stuff
  This is still a trial run this semester, but stuff should still be done this semester

  DeCal:
  There need to be a few people responsible to be head facilitators for the DeCal
  People to fill out the paperwork and to be held responsible for the DeCal

- Committee responsibilities
  Staff affairs:
  tabling, recruiting new staff, onboarding new staff, ensure turnover ratio not too large

  Lab interior:
  should be responsible for cleaning up the lab, getting a whiteboard on the pillar, and various physical stuff

  Funding:
  Bringing more money in, through ABSA/STF

  University:
  Dealing with anybody necessary from the university

- rt#7969: (cooperc) mastodon policies
  Voted to adopt cooperc's mastodon policy document





Meeting Adjourned at 20:05

Notetaker: fydai
