Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
abizer
awelty
bzh
cooperc
dkessler
ethanhs
fydai
jerryzhou
jkuki
keur
mdcha
minos
racheltrujillo
shmaeng
vaibhavj
yichizh

Guests in attendance:
nikitnainwal*
php*
shikhardhingra*
adityasri
bernardzhao
dphan
nessaur

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 13

Meeting Started at 19:13

* Notes on bikeshedding and why we need to stop
  - Email agenda before a few days
* Implenting an appropriate delegation system for GM
  - We value a flat org, no bullshit titles
  - Still need coordination / organization
  - New ways to get new staff involved with administrivia
  - Disseminate information to all of BoD
* Followup is a pain point

* Buy sheet
  - 10G SR LC transceivers for tdev-fallingrocks
    - Unanimous, buy
  - Card reader (1)
    - Unanimous, buy

* Lending Policy
  - Headphones 
  - Can we take cards as collateral?

* Referendum meeting w/ Jenny
  Adam Smyth at CBO told Jenny that it’s unclear if campus will allow us to go forward with referendum because fee is pretty small
  - STF is a better looking option

* STF : rt#7714
  - We raised the STF ask to 400k over 5 years, but they’ll probably ask us to cut it down to 3 years since STF itself will need to be renewed in 2021
  - HPC ask was 45k
  - Jenny thinks this is our best shot, may also write us into the STF referendum
  - Getting lunch with jenny on thursday

* CACSFF
  - 25k ask to replace 4-yro desktops (denied)
  - Asked for feedback and Bene is ghosting us

* GSE Rental : rt#7757
  - If we are still good with doing it, let’s draft an MOU and send it to ASUC/sgpierce
  - ASUC: Can't talk about money in MOU
  - We need our liability covered (sgpierece willing to cover)
  - Wear and tear
  - Approved, MOU will be drafted

* Banning Policy
  - Our banning policy has been modified to reflect ASUC lawyer's decision

* Accounting System
  - Callink fucking blows
  - Alt systems?
  - New buy sheet!!
    - Centralized management system

* GM responsibility delegation
  - Comittee-style
  - Pairing responsibility - dual accountability

* Outreach
  - php reached out to literally every fb group
  - php contacting chris hunn (7965)
  - No response from j kuroda
  - Ask shenker from Intel/VMWare

* Calapalooza : rt#7966
  - Sign up on sheet
  - We need banner 

* Sign up for staff

* Staff Hours : rt#7994
  - Sign up for hours

* read cooperc's topic: 7769/7790

* Faculty sponsor : rt#7577
  - Brian Harvey still works 
  - Hilfinger works too

Tickets not discussed:
7565 - dara suggests adapting the riseup data policy
7935 - student leadership meetings: someone should go 
7865 - merch: nikit indicated interest in pursuing this
7808 - lab deep clean: minos following up
7959 - daily cal collab: dkessler, someone follow up
7683 - CLA: someone get this done


Meeting Adjourned at 20:03

Notetaker: mdcha
