Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adityasri
awelty
bernardzhao
bzh
cooperc
dkessler
dphan
ethanhs
fydai
jameszhu
jerryzhou
jkuki
minos
ncberberi
nikitnainwal
nint
php
racheltrujillo
rrchan
skuklinsky
yichizh
zeyad

Guests in attendance:
asai*
mannndy*
mcint*
regex*
sulfur
vaibahvj

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.


Quorum for this meeting is 14

Meeting Started at 19:12

Nothing on the buysheet is approved since there's none.
There's no reservation either.


Decal paperwork is submitted.


University Affairs:
  -STF presentation was successful:
  (We are not among the top 5 in terms of amount requested)
  Geoff backed us up, previously potential issues are resolved.
  
  -Met with Anthony Suen from Division of Data Science:
  Stuff are talked about, inter-displinary projects could be carried out.
  Haas has done Jupyter on K8s over baremetal, will help us.
  With more hardware we can do more.
  
  -Meeting with IST last wednesday:
  They have lots of equipment that they could give us.
  Specifically, some blades right away, and some hundreds of blades in the
  coming January.
  We can get routers from Isaac Orr (a real cool guy)
  Specifically, a/some juniper MX480 from them can be expectd.
  
  -Need to reply to Sam pierce about GSE stuff:
  we need to take inventory of the OCF before.


Staff Affairs:
  OCF shirts! Votes were ongoing at ocf.io/s/swag


Lab Interior:
  Toners are disposed!
  We should add docs of toner handling to docs, assignments given by Minos
  OCF article organization improvement possible:
  -shelves/bookshelves are being assembled
  -better (looking) locks for charging cables
  -whiteboard wall modification
  -ask to increase server room temperature. Otherwise ice forms and melts in the
  pipes. the SUFMO repair personnel said EECS department runs at
  70F (??Fahrenheit????) in DC.


Discussions:
  rt#8165 work with EFF people
  Swag exceeds shirts: stickers, trinkets etc.
  rt#8164 opstaff printing giveaway on instagram:
    "share this post and get quota pages"

  gleeb talks about allowances: not a fixed amount of pages limited everyday,
    but rather be more flexible.

    vaibhavj: make loans!
    regex: one surge over the semester.
    abizer: we have money to increase quota.
    cooperc: how do we value the requests if we are doing this case by case.
    gleeb: currently people already ask for more than 10 everyday.
    bzh: abolishing daily quota will extend queue time.
    jameszhu: "open secret policy" - current status.
    mannndy: OCF should help student body, as that's purpose of free prints, instead
      of playing against it.
  
  discussions went back to the giveaway:
    abizer: one time surge in quota
    nikit: backlog quota
    rrchan: allow staff computer usage
    current plan: add 50 to semester quota since other plans require coding.

  CalDay! CalDay?
    need to decide anything we want to put on the table
    need volunteers
    need coLOUreD FlyERs which attracted jvperrin to OCF.
  
  Documentation backends
    documentation generator?
    community wiki?

Meeting Adjourned at 20:00

Notetaker: yichizh
