Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
abizer
bzh
cooperc
dkessler
ethanhs
fydai
minos
nint
racheltrujillo
yichizh

Guests in attendance:
andylo*
bernardzhao*
dphan*
ecarter*
jameszhu*
mannndy*
mcint*
ncberberi*
nessaur*
php*
zeyad*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 13

Meeting Started at 19:13

* buysheet:

- $7 SATA converter for fallingrocks: approved

- 120" projector screen: approved

- Handheld vacuum: The one on buysheet is quite expensive. We also have a vacuum
  that seems sufficient. However, the shopvac we have is large and
  unwieldy. Minos will put another model on buysheet (that is less expensive)
  and we will vote next week.

- Shelving in server/storage room doesn't seem to be on buysheet. We will
  approve when it's on buysheet.

Also, abizer notes that we should not be buying things without being
pre-approved by BoD.


* RT#8185: Supporting Berkeley Forum panel with EFF/panels

We thought this would be expensive, but it turns out to be only $87. If we help
them finance the event and promote it, we will be considered a sponsor and will
have 1 minute to talk at the beginning of the event. This makes sense, since
this event aligns with our mission.

It's noted that Berkeley Forum sometimes has low turnout for events, and might
be able to use some help organizing. If we're going to do this, we should really
advertise hard and help them out.

BoD approves $87 for the event.


* returning to buysheet:

- Shredder: this is the wirecutter recommended one. Approved

- Mouse bungee: approved



* Chris Hunn has been FOUND!

During Cal Day, we got him at an infosession. He told us to just put an event on
his bCal. We've done so, it's scheduled for 3pm on Thursday.


* Brian Harvey

Brian Harvey is our faculty sponsor (technically). We haven't talked to him in a
long time but we are hoping to catch up. Meeting is in lab tomorrow (Tuesday) at
3pm.


* Campus DC

The campus datacenter people have finally figured out their firewall rules. We
hope to be migrating soon. In the campus DC we will have 20 Gbps. We still have
to figure out how to run puppet on machines outside of our subnet.


* Alumni Dinner

35 people have responded! Are people available later in May, perhaps slightly
after the semester ends? This would allow some alumns that are still in grad
school and what not to attend. Perhaps around May 22, before CS commencement.


* Lab deep clean/GSE

Since GSE has a chartstring, we may ask them to clean the lab after we are
done. This is not a quid pro quo, but would allow the lab to get cleaned despite
us not having easy access to a chartstring.

We also still need to make an inventory of lab so that we know what things get
broken by GSE over the summer.


* Following up with ANthony Suen from DataSci

Their department is reorganizing July 1st, we want to have a an MVP for Jupyterhub on
Kubernetes before then.


* $wag

We have various t-shirt designs. bernardzhao and racheltrujillo (rachy) are
putting finishing touches on their design. We will move forward with getting a
sample shirt for that.

Also, nikitnainwal's "hackerman" design did well on the Google form. Nikit is
not present but if he has a chance to flesh out his design we may make some
shirts of that as well.


* Stickers

kdr made some sick stickers. We're going to buy 100 of each kind. That will be
about $500, including the sticker design that rachy and bernard are hoping to
add (based on their t-shirt design).


* More buysheet:

- Shelving for storage/server room: retroactively approved.


Meeting Adjourned at 20:06

Notetaker: cooperc
