Board of Directors meeting Mar 20, 2012
Held at OCF lounge, 7:21

In attendance:
Loren McIntyre (mcint)
Kevin Fang (kfang)
Kenny Do (kedo)
Felix Wong (waf)
Timothy Zhu (tzhu)
Kathryn Mock (kmock)
Raphael Townshend (raphtown)
Sanjay Krishnan (sanjayk)
Kenny Do (kedo)

== Paper Issues ==

GM's description -- Paper issues, configuration problem on a windows machine or someone wanting more magic smoke than we have?

loren - someone tried printing with A4 paper.

felix - Disable that feature on CUPS

== POSTGRES ==

sanjay - phase out postgres.  had set 1 year deadline to phase out 2 years ago.  3 users that we know of using postgres.  Transferring is non-trivial

kevin - export as CVS?

sanjay - metadata is what I am worried about.  Makes sense to discontinue so that staff can focus on SURGE.  Should re-affirm motion to phase out

== CNAMES == 

GM's description -- New .b.e CNAMES for ocf machines at ocf.b.e (see list below). We also now have zombie.b.e

== OpenAPI ==

GM's description -- It has been decided that OpenAPI will get to use the site api.b.e and will be hosted by us

loren - Hosting OpenAPI at ghost at api.berkeley.edu.  Need to watch server load.  kedo

== ISAA vulnerabilities ==

GM's description -- ISAA account, world could add someone to the mailing list without a captcha

sanjay - dara has not dealt with.  restart timer since time sanjay contacted them.  if no response, lock database.  question is if that will break their set up?  need to investigate further.  they have to come and talk with us.

loren - I will follow up with that after BoD

== IT requirements ==

GM's description -- Our IT requirements http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~sanjayk/ocfit.pdf

loren - last weekend felix, kenny, sanjay wrote list of OCF IT requirements.  is online

kenny - should this be public?

sanjay - yes, but redact sensitive information

loren - do we want on wiki?

== Wiki ==

kenny - staff and normal wikis are pretty bad.  freeze current wikis during spring break.  create new wiki with rule that you have to document within 2 weeks of implementing or 1 week after sm requests it.  Otherwise you lose root principle

felix - could become a pain for SMs

loren - SMs should be able to know when this applies and does not.  should it be made a policy?

loren - Need a way to notify everyone of changes.

kathryn - do we need a standard?

sanjay - got into bad habit of c+ping config files into wiki, bad thing

kenny - don't even know what machines we have

loren - need someone with root/admin principle to do inventory.  will notify users wiki will be frozen

== LDAP/Kerberos ==

felix - we use 3 types of hashes, 2 of which are horrible.  discussed with dara, should just disable bad 2.

== CalCentral ==

felix - CalCentral is replacement for bSpace.  Apparently was supposed to be replacement for everything (bSpace, telebears, bearFacts).  Probably not going to be much action necessary on that front

loren - may affect funding, was asked to explain main uses of OCF to them.

sanjay - biggest use is provision of web service where you can do anything you want

kevin - sys admin decal is also completely taught by OCF

sanjay - office hours for helping users

== New Staff ==

GM's description -- Potential new staffer?  Was using python ldap.

Hopefully new staffer.

Also new staffer, thundara (Nader).

== OCF Movie Night ==

GM's description -- Staffers have Not seen many classic, no, canonical sci-fi films, this is must be remedied in the near future.

loren - proposing OCF movie night in 2-3 weeks

== Term limits ==

felix - limiting GM/SM terms to 2 consecutive terms.  also frowning upon GM involvement in technical affairs.

sanjay - should implement these at end of semester, looking forward.

loren - need to research.

timothy - will do research

felix - constitutional amendment?

sanjay - just sent in constitution, can probably still change.  should make clear the duties of SMs, GMs.

== New Death ==

felix - Need to puppet

BOD adjourned at 8:13
Unanimous
