Board of Directors meeting Jan 31, 2012
Held at OCF lab, 7:14pm

Members present:
Dara Adib (daradib)
Kathryn Mock (kmock)
Kenny Do (kedo)
Kevin Fang (kfang)
Loren McIntyre (mcint)
Raphael Townshend (raphtown)
Sanjay Krishnan (sanjayk)

Updates from the site managers (Kenny, Felix not present):

Around 200 users were created without the appropriate loginShell LDAP
attribute access controls, so they have no shells, but Debian sets their
login shell to the default shell, /bin/sh (dash). Sanjay will fix.

There is an experimental online change password via CalNet. It needs to
sanitize password input. Dara asks that it force a redirect to HTTPS.
Some group accounts were approved as individual accounts, so they show
up too. Dara asks that the berkeleyEduCalNetUID LDAP attribute
be removed from group accounts.

New death, the OCF web server, is being built as a virtual machine on
hal, but not yet complete. A perl port update on death broke cmds.cgi,
which many people use to check paper quota (pages remaining), so new
death is a higher priority. Sanjay will fix.

Updates from the general manager (Dara):

Backups are being set up on pollution, a virtual machine with dedicated
RAID 1 SATA hard drives, on hal. Unfortunately the 1-TB SATA hard
drives do not have enough capacity. pollution is configured to use
a Kerberos ticket and fall back to SSH keys to log into and sudo on
designated hosts and use rsync to transfer data with the lowest IO and
processor priority using faster SSH ciphers, which is organized into
multiple weekly and monthly backups using hard links by rsnapshot.

Puppet configuration is continually being developed, and now sets the
root password by sending the corresponding SHA-512 hash. Configuration
will eventually be published (excluding private data and compiled
binaries) and managed through a git repository.

Loren and GM spoke with HP Care support, with which we have a support
contract/extended warranty, and they will be sending a technician to
replace deforestation sometime this week. Loren will contact the
Publications Center Roves to deal with logistics.

logjam needs a printer maintenance kit, so two will be purchased.

Decisions:
* Up to $1,000 allocated for hard drives to be used for backups.
 Unanimously approved.
* Up to $500 allocated for spare hard drive for hal. Unanimously
 approved.

Meeting adjourned at 8:15pm.
