> Want a page with all the info we gave on the whiteboard to direct users to
i.e.: digitize the whiteboard to the wiki.  kedo will do this.
> Appeal budget - due tomorrow! 5 pm
5% increase across the board for all groups
Printing costs likely to increase 25-50% in the near future
We have tripled our number of active users in the past semester
(see mid-year report for more information: http://docs.ocf.berkeley.edu/wiki/Finances)
> Check-in with server-specific admins
All quiet.
> OpenAPI visiting today: ---see forwarded email
Representative from OpenAPI present.  Wants a linux machine to run NodeJS, mpm, MongoDB, Django, MySQL.

Needs Node/Mongo setup because of existing codebase, plans to eventually move to Django/MySQL exclusively.

Options:
- Install Node/Mongo on new-death
- Bring up a dedicated VM with a public IP
 - This requires many more formalities (declarations of responsibility, etc.)

BoD Decision:
Too much to discuss. Tabled. Will explore possibilities between now and next BoD. Would rather not give them a whole VM if we can avoid it at all.

Plan: Attempt to run NodeJS as a user, set up a MongoDB VM that will only run it as a service, to be accessed over the network; no ssh.
>
> *What's up with...?*
> Upgrade check (lab machines) - tell sm;s to update (mssh). Schedule
> upgrades for servers as appropriate
> Death ntpd
> Blackhole - cron.weekly - man-db
> Writing cron checks for services used - for server administration
> (Discuss with Dara, SMs training date for puppet and manual server
> administration stuff)
> mysql update
Happened.
>
> SM Decrees Reminder
> New decrees:
> 1. Root staff must be on the #rebuild channel, and they must read the
> chat history at leasy once a day.
> Rationale:
> - It's easier to troubleshoot over irc than over email
> - People somtimes say things that are worth knowing, but they might
> not bother pasting it into email
Not really, just read your email a lot.
>
> 2. Please email wheel@ocf or staff@ocf before you restart servers.
> This is kinda included in my "please email before making technical
> changes" decree, but I just wanted to make sure everyone knew that
> restarting a machine is included.
> Rationale:
> - Restarting is fun and easy as long as the machine starts back up...
> - People are too lazy to temporarily disable zabbix/mon to perform
> maintenence :3
>
Other Things:

OCF Staff Banquet
- There will be an email.

Cal Day
- There will be more discussion on this.

Printing
- There is a page on the wiki now: http://wiki.ocf.berkeley.edu/printing/
- Please direct people here that want refunds, more pages, etc. (but be polite about it)

