Board of Directors meeting Apr 24, 2012
Held at OCF lounge, 7:24

In attendance:
Kevin Fang (kfang)
Kenneth Do (kedo)
Felix Wong (waf)
Timothy Zhu (tzhu)
Raphael Townshend (raphtown)
Nader Morshed (morshed)
Jian Qiao (jianqiao)
Loren McIntyre (mcint)

== CalASCE.org ==

Loren - Wants to keep their .org domain name but move their hosting here.

Kevin - Should not be a problem…?

Loren - As long as they have ocf hosting banner, should be fine.  Pending review by Sanjay (texted)

Kevin - From wiki: OCF may host non-berkeley domains as long as .com but must apply to BoD.

--Proposed by Loren
Approve request for CalASCE.org to keep their berkeley.edu domain name while they transfer to OCF hosting as long as they put banner.
--Seconded by Kevin
7 in favor (Kevin, Kenneth, Timothy, Raphael, Nader, Jian, Loren)
1 abstain (Felix)

== Puppet Training ==

GM summary --  Discuss with Dara, SMs training date for puppet and manual server administration stuff

Loren - Felix please create more VMs for puppeting

== Open API ==

GM summary -- Open API checkup

Kenneth - No update

== K'nex Donation ==

GM summary -- Somewhere to donate K'nex to

Loren - Anyone have any good ideas?

Preschools… etc… 

== Banquet ==

GM summary -- Sunday (Open spreadsheet before BoD)

Loren - Sunday seems like best option

BoD banquet at Alborz, start-up formal.  6:30 this Sunday (April 29th)

== CalDay == 

GM summary -- Debrief:  What... ...succeeded, ...could have gone better, ...are ideas for next year

Loren - Had some people sign up, so that's good

Kenneth - Candy melted, need to get non-meltable candy next time!!!!!

Kenneth - Table was super boring, need more props.  Should use wheel.  Maybe give out shirts, flyering?

Sanjay - Move to Soda for tabling.  CalDay should aim for staff.  Calapalooza shoot for users.  Need to advertise that we are a full service computing service.

Kevin - Make QR code to advertise.

Raphael - Talk at beginning of CS classes

Loren - Need new shirts to wear

== SURGE ==

GM summary -- Surge tour 5/1 1:30 pm

Loren - Sanjay and I will go.  DJ requested as few as people come.  I will take pictures.

GM summary -- Eshelman packup

Loren - Need to pack up by May 14th.  What needs to happen before movers get here, all computers need to be unplugged.  Probably will continue using lab during summer.  Need to label/box a lot of things before summer.  Blah blah blah details details details. etc… etc… 

Loren - We're unplugging/unlocking lab computers in late July in preparation for move.

== New Vhosts ==

GM summary -- New vhosts: skiteam, CNAME to A name, MX record; jba.b.e

Felix - RFC1912 Section 2.4 for explanation why

== Account compromise ==

GM summary -- Follow up william wu - explain the hack

Loren - Follow up with him explain what is going on

== SM updates ==

Felix - need to build new death, hal ran out of space so can't create more VMs

Felix - tentative date for shutdown of postgres is monday, as long as no-one objects

BoD adjourned at 9:03
