
Board of Directors meeting Mar 06, 2012
Held at OCF lounge, 7:20

In attendance:
Dara Adib (daradib)
Aaron Loessberg-Zahl (amloessb)
Loren McIntyre (mcint)
Kevin Fang (kfang)
Kenny Do (kedo)
Felix Wong (waf)
Timothy Zhu (tzhu)
Kathryn Mock (kmock)
Raphael Townshend (raphtown)
Sanjay Krishnan (sanjayk)
Jay Kong (jaka)
Kenny Do (kedo)
Jian Qiao (jianqiao)

== CIA quota upgrade ==

Voting on increasing Cal Investment Association space.  Over quota and want more space.  William Mok from group here to make his case.

William - Want users to be able to access uploaded content for a competition.  Want to build a library that allows users to upload video.  Want 5 gigabytes.  

Sanjay - Heavy traffic could be an issue.  Space is issue but less so.

William - Does not believe will get lots of traffic.

Loren - Upload to youtube?

William - Want to keep in house

Aaron, Sanjay - Make sure space is used well.  Want to see that an effort has been made to clean up and space is well used.

William - Effort will be made

Sanjay, Dara - Will files be changed often?  Files may get backed up unnecessarily otherwise.

William - Mostly additive content, temporary files created, cleared every month.  

Aaron - Long time, will end up being backed up

William - Will shorten deletion time if necessary, may be cpu heavy.

Sanjay - That's about it

William - What is process to migrate to different hosting service?

Aaron, Dara - Campus policy states that vhost can't forward to an external address.  If points to ocf, must be hosted at ocf.  Campus has a few exemptions, unlikely to grant to BIG.  Not experts in this matter.

William - There was an OCF email in this matter, will forward so can discuss.

Sanjay - How about if we do 3 gigabytes, then can discuss again in 6 months/1 year to discuss another incrementation in quota if necessary.  Also will re-evaluate the situation if necessary.

Timothy - Why not youtube again?

William - Want in-house, one source for content.  Want to keep it private.

Dara - Sounds reasonable, grant 

Sanjay - Motion to increase CIA to increase quota to 3 GB, contingent that it does not have an adverse effect on other users, does not violate OCF/other policies in place, and does not violate 10 GB/week bandwidth soft limit.  Seconded by Kevin.

10 in favor - Dara, Loren, Kevin, Kenny, Felix, Timothy, Kathryn, Raphael, Sanjay, Jay, Jian
1 abstain - Kenny
1 oppose - Aaron

== SURGE news ==

Thursday Sanjay, Dara, Loren, SMs are meeting at 4 pm at Capital Projects about specific logistics of move, how and what we are moving, when we are moving, etc…  With Kate Bolton project manager of SURGE and moving coordinator.  Going to make us keep servers here next semester and move them out during semester.  Have space until 2013.  But probably won't have a publicly accessible lab.  Space is ready aug 1st at earliest.  August 1st to August 15th is not much time to move and possible can't even move then if things get delayed, as they have been already.  At least keep servers up until 2013 at least.  Perhaps could run half at Eshelman and half at SURGE location.

== Documentation ==

Aaron - Wiki is out of date, need to discuss

Loren - Should we have weekly projects to update wiki?

Sanjay - Just update puppet

Dara - Make puppet (/etc/puppet) publicly accessible and well documented.  Need SMs to learn about puppet and teach everyone else.  SMs job to document so that they understand.  Dara will teach SMs about puppet.  Then can teach staff and keep one wiki page.

Loren - Inline docs are useful.  General staff procedure should be to update wiki.

Dara - for security reasons need to limit write access to puppet since critical security-wise.  Git repository with puppet config.

Kenny - Can put on github

Dara - Security concern, why not just have local git repo.


== Updates from GM ==

Loren - Nothing to report

Dara - Linux machines now tell you how many pages you have left.  Checks every 60 seconds and updates users if quota changes.  Also lets users know if staffers are nearby.  

Dara - Need new death online, SMs!

Dara - Standardize with Python + shell scripts

== Cal Day ==

Loren - K'nex building competition for Cal Day.  Need to ask people to come down here to build stuff.  Prizes will be offered.  Table on Cal Day (April 21st).

== Non-staff Involvement ==

Dara - Involve non-staff in decision making.  Especially with SURGE coming up, much better if people representing non-staff can contribute their perspectives/ have a say in what goes on.  Technical implementation in hands of staff, but should keep members in the loop.  Have contacted some people who could do this.  If staff knows anyone who likes OCF but does not contribute in technical manner can ask them about it.

Sanjay - Should get current students/power users to get good spread

Dara - Want to give face to the OCF

Jian - Survey?

Sanjay - Not enough participation, biased results.  Very very different populations.

Dara - Want to get people who care about the organization to get involved.

Sanjay - Could get pubs staffers to survey random students

Dara - Want average of people who care about the OCF

Kevin volunteers to draft survey.

Loren and Sanjay will draft a to-do list of requirements for SMs to do, etc…


BOD adjourned at 8:42
Unanimous
