OCF BoD Meeting


Attendance:
sanjayk        Sanjay Krishnan
waf                Felix Wong
kfang                Kevin Fang
mcint                Loren McIntyre
raphtown        Raphael Townshend
kedo                Kenny Do
jakakxl                Jay Jung
kmock                Katheryn Mock


BoD called to order waf 6:53


waf- we have new switches! They’re not installed yet!  Background: just re-networking lab--alone--we’ll be moving everything to new switches, we thought this last time, had issue anyway.  Need to: Schedule downtime—rewire lab and connection to external network.
(must have rootstaff here, so people learn how things work
want everyone able to contribute, and everyone at least partially responsible)


Weekend before Thanksgiving 11/19-20 schedule ½ day of downtime


Problem with adding people to root staff, mcint, raphtown - Kerberos versions out of sync,
Hand-compiled files may be causing errors, specifically, lib-dependencies


8 here - now have quorum


kedo - For people working on online approve - Check-out git repo before changing, and commit as soon as changed, then run deploy (script accessible by /root)


Printer failures - too many users are having to reprint
hp driver has made printing faster, sends own config file, overrides our own config 
setup printing right now


For staff on groupprinting: 
pykota - printing prog; (pkusers)  -  subprogram; cups(d)   common unix print system (daemon);
All printproblems can only be solved on printhost/fallingrocks; pykota - no other options


mail issue, Ldap access daemon went down


motion to adjourn bod 7:56




Decisions from previous meeting not yet voted on with quorum:
Proposed decisions:
> 
> > Because of damage to printers, inconsistent quality, other problems,
> > and lack of a reputable source, we should only purchase official HP
> > toner from now on, even if it increases our theoretical costs for toner
> > by 3-5 times. Part of this cost should be offset by the less labor
> > involved in cleaning the printers after toner leaks, reduced risk of
> > printer damage and replacement, and unwasted toner.
> 
> Motion proposed by daradib, seconded by raphtown.
> Votes: 5 in favor, 0 against, 2 abstained.
> Not passed, for lack of quorum.






> > Paper, toner, maintenance kits, and other purchases for the maintenance
> > and service of our existing printers should be exempt from the 36-hour
> > rule requiring contact of BoD members.
> 
> Estimated to have spent ~$2.1k this semester so far.
> 
> Motion as stated above, proposed by daradib, seconded by waf.
> Votes: 7 in favor, 0 against, 0 abstained.
> Not passed, for lack of quorum.








> > Remove the elevated "staff" privileges of any OCF member who is
> > inactive and does not wish to be active, including any member who has
> > had these privileges for a few months but is not willing or able to
> > hold staff hours at least one hour per week, and/or any member with root
> > privileges who is not willing or able to spend time in general at least
> > weekly after hours in the lab. This applies to both currently registered
> > students and alumni.
> 
> Motion as stated above, proposed by amloessb, seconded by kedo.
> Postponed to a later meeting for lack of quorum.