OCF Board of Directors
2016-09-26
Meeting called to order at 7:10pm.

Directors in attendance:
 - nickimp
 - kuoh
 - shichen
 - gleeb
 - lilulu
 - karentu
 - deeguo
 - charchar
 - baisang
 - ezhill
 - jasminev
 - tnn
 - stevlu
 - abizer
 - willh
 - andycui
 - mattmcal
 - ldw
 - bzhen
 - shasan
 - zdong
 - kpengboy
 - kevinma
 - asai
 - mechien
 - ashleychien
 - jvperrin
 - ckuehl
 - axyang
 - maknegana
 - shikardhingra
 - wml

 - Summer Projects Show & Tell
    - jvperrin presents automated Box backups
    - jvperrin presents puppeted IRC
    - jvperrin presents the IRC <-> Slack bridge
    - ckuehl presents new & improved vhost email
 - ldw proposes a $25 allocation for more vacuum bags
    - Approved without objection
 - nickimp proposes $150 allocation for nuts and other snacks from nuts.com
    - Proposed list of snacks:
       - Dried Pineapple
       - Dried Mango (Less Sugar Added)
       - Roasted Virginia Peanuts (Salted, No Shell)
       - Extreme Trail Mix
          - mattmcal allegedly likes the raisins
    - Backbenchers ask:
       - Whether we can just get a big bag of M&Ms (no)
       - Whether we can (insert your favorite snack here)
          - No we're already getting a lot of snacks and it will last us a
            long time, says nickimp
    - No objection
    - Yes: 17
      Abstain: 14
 - mattmcal discusses the put User_Info, staff_hours.yaml, etc. in git project
 - nickimp gives a Unix demo in which jasminev participated
    - Covered topics: ssh, mkdir, cat, nano, /dev/urandom, grep, head,
      redirection and piping
 - kpengboy proposes a temporary bylaw on the OCF hierarchy:
                                     AN ACT
     To establish the organizational hierarchy of the Open Computing Facility

     BE IT ENACTED by the Directors of the Open Computing Facility in Board
     assembled:
       1. The Cabinet
          1.1. The Cabinet of the Open Computing Facility shall consist of
               the General Manager, Site Manager, and Deputy Managers.
          1.2. The General Manager shall be titular head of the cabinet.
       2. Deputy Managers
          2.1. Deputy Managers shall be appointed and removed by the
               General Manager or Site Manager, subject to the OCF
               Decision Making Process.
          2.2. Deputy General Managers and Deputy Site Managers shall be
               ex officio Deputy Managers.
          2.3. Deputy General Managers
               2.3.1. Deputy General Managers shall be appointed and
                      removed by the General Manager, subject to the
                      OCF Decision Making Process.
               2.3.2. Deputy General Managers shall assist the General Manager
                      with his or her duties.
               2.3.3. Following the election of a General Manager, all
                      Deputy General Managers must resign; they may
                      subsequently be reappointed to their positions
                      by the newly elected General Manager.
       3. Deputy Site Managers
          3.1. Deputy Site Managers shall be appointed and removed by the Site
               Manager, subject to the OCF Decision Making Process.
          3.2. Deputy Site Managers shall assist the Site Manager with his or
               her duties.
          3.3. Following the election of a Site Manager, all Deputy
               Site Managers must resign; they may subsequently be
               reappointed to their positions by the newly elected
               Site Manager.
       4. Officers
          4.1. All Cabinet members shall be Officers of the Open Computing
               Facility.
          4.2. In addition, any member of the Open Computing Facility
               who attends an Officers' Meeting and requests to be
               appointed as an Officer shall be appointed as an
               Officer.
          4.3. Officers appointed under subsection 2 shall be removed
               from office if they miss two consecutive Officers'
               Meetings without an excuse approved by the General
               Manager.
       5. Temporary provisions
          5.1. This bylaw shall automatically expire one month after its
               passage by the Board of Directors.

    - Unanimously approved
 - nickimp appoints the following members to the position of Deputy Manager:
    - willh
    - tmochida
    - kpengboy
    - ldw
    - kuoh
    - shasan
    - andycui
 - nickimp appoints the following members to the position of Deputy General
   Manager:
    - baisang
 - nickimp discusses CSGO LAN party planning
    - Weekend of Veterans' Day
 - nickimp proposes a $25 for a Lightning cable
    - Unanimously approved

Meeting is ended at 8:05pm
