Meeting Started 7:08pm

BoD Attendance:
kuoh (left early)
jvperrin
nickimp
ckuehl
kpengboy
tanx
mdcha
mechien
ashleychien
karentu
jasminev
asai
richardliu
nikitnainwal
tnn
stevlu
trliu
slobo
bchieng
axyang
shikhardhingra
rustieLin
johnathankim
baisang
zdong
andycui
willh
bzhen
lilulu
shasan
wml
charchar
gleeb
ldw
shaurya
abackus
kevinma
shichenh
dkessler
abizer

Visitor:
David Liu

* 5345: Tech talk reviews
    - Went well; topics will become less lab-specific
        - If case of git, must be more specific than man pages
    - Time of event limited by closing time
* 5381: Tech Fund money came in
    - Anything to buy goes through Amazon (Newegg otherwise)
* 5365: EFF
    - Use Amazon Smile to help our allies
* 5401: Dealing with the meteoric rise of new staff
    - GM usually swayed votes with new staff who bandwagon
    - Kevin P. drafted the BoD Qualification Act 2016 (Bylaw 14)
        - 4 meetings before you can ask to join basically permanently
        - OCF staff hold OH; BoD votes on stuff
        - ASUC Senators ex officio; exempt
    - Bylaw 14 passed unanimously
    - Election scheduling will be scheduled for later
* 5388: Operating Rules (i.e. Constitution and Bylaws) for being an ASUC program
    - Unanimous
    - Did not know that RSO != ASUC program; or that LEAD didn't update for awhile
* 5397: OCF Stickers
    - Need someone with design experience
    - Uproar over discussion of OS-dependent sticker
    - Bother Harrison K. later
    - Reply to ticket or staff@ with a design
* 5366: Staff Hours (in the time of scheduling fiascos)
    - Time to make new ones; may need to send another form
    - Staff hours will be required to get card key next semester
    - Open more hours
* 5392: PMC Opening Policy
    - Mishap on weekend led to unscheduled closing
        - Diffusion of responsibility
    - More checks on email needed
    - Nick I. proposes required responses pool to enforce duty
    - Andy C. reminds that PMC usually arrives on Berkeley Time; watch out for classes
* 5402: Student Group Lending Policy
    - DOTA2 group asked to borrow some equipment we aren't using
    - Need a policy to authorize lending and maintain accountability among borrowers
    - Jason P. reminds that student group registration is flimsy; accountability hard to enforce
    - Charlie proposes contracts/deposit
    - Nick I. (specifying he doesn't want to railroad) proposes a no this time due to lack of procedure
        - Charlie proposes interm contract
            - Nick argues against, given no way of determining who and how to determine faults
        - OCF remains a no money-handling club with student groups
        - Matt M. wants to focus on flexibility rather than strict policy/contract
            - No on this specific case to due circumstances (i.e. DOTA2 in unregistered Barrows?)
        - Kevin P. asks what judicial process would be needed
            - Andy C. proposes bothering the group advisor (Jenny)
                - Nick P. calls this questionable; no one meets with advisors
        - Sahil H. brings up the FAFSA workshop example
            - Nick P. calls this situation completely different
    - Jason P. wants a "If they had a room option"
        - Allowed
    - Majority votes no
        - Other options skipped

Meeting Adjourned 8:10pm

Notetaker: Kevin Ma
