GM Report

cpfeyh
turned in midyear report
david fullmer - getting more IP addresses - he'll think about it

jeffe
ken called me a few times and the stuff's on the list


SM Report


cpfeyh changed video card in one of the gateways
bem - try ati mach 64 drivers

UPS -- needs replacing.
bem -- we should just remove them, they do NOTHING.

akopps - we shouldn't throw away working UPS's, perhaps put switch and new server

dwc - need to find the webpage with fho's ssh instructions to turn off telnet


LDAP
working on it, going slowly

ghost
needs to be done, over a half year old
need to get luns's last fixes
need to fix switch

Bem - imagecast works fine with EECS switches, 
look into that

Lab furniture
broken chairs went to building ops, we are missing some
couldn't find them
desk with microwave table, talked to tom baker, perhasp getting rid of it,
and having a half wide tables.

should lock down switches
mac address lockdown -- (akopps) has been voted on by ken already





New business

replacing the Ultra 1s
has been written up in budget, talked about a lot
just to bring it up again, we have $12k left
through TSW - dell has some - 1200 complete w/ flat panel 15"
mac hardware more expensive - ilamp w/ less bells and whistles 1200
shouldn't buy more macs w/o getting integration working first
akop in favor of just dumping db's to disk
save some money for if david fullmer allocates us some rack space.
akop suggest we not buy any new hardware until we see what other purchases we
need, wait until may
windows in a volunteer environment doesn't work... people want money
if we do linux, will look as good, but not as easy
ilamp - general users wouldn't have any trouble

Lab cleanup
lots of stuff to get rid of
server room in heller - total mess, mess every semester, stuff piles up
machines that were supposed to be attached to the tda.  cases
stop proliferation of boxes we don't use.
bem: be careful -- E&S wants drives wiped
second problem - want to pay to dispose monitors
spare monitors for ultra 1s? -- do we need them? akop can get someone to take
them.
lab maintenance monday (afternoon?) tentatively planned

Blinds / Tinting
Berkeley shade - shear weave, not totally opaque - completely blocks the light.
patrick will get call tomorrow with price quote
under $2k


disk quota increases
we have the disk space, but
anyone that wants more can ask,
akop - want to make one single disk, move services structure inside /home, move /services to /var/mail
combine everything, make it 200 total

move the mamchine outside?  or replace drought.
no, add'l arch to support
drought serves useful purpose (nat, irc)


move machines from barrows?
barrows net better
CNS fiber from barrows to heller, will they do?
how about put it in callug
dwc will call projects@uclink projects@ist, projects@socrates
(cns-projects@uclink)

callug -- new ocf server room?


attendance:		bod
cpfeyh			Y
jeffe			Y
ajani			N
ogle			Y
smacian			Y
akopps			Y
dwc			Y
aoshi			Y
adrian			Y
wyc			N
kenao			Y
