------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OCF Bod General Minutes:

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Agenda:

-GM Report
-SM Report
-Old Stuff
-New Stuff

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

GM Report


cpfeyh: phone is fixed
	tape drive ppl: Cal account ppl are talking to these ppl
	Randy and I set up (mao)


dwc:	where did the dual headed monitor?


cpfeyh: that was the one we took
        there was a couple of one that would work but as soon as we plugged the other one 


akopps: can use supernova one for anything
	brought serial terminal so it should work

jeffe:  it's in the server rm right now: needs a ip
	talked to lavonia: got signed on as a signatory
	possible revenue; if we get it then we can keep it--> without having to return it
	should we just install crossover office
	xpde-->windows manager that looks like classic xp
	charge for printing
	maybe we can do cars billing?

dwc:	change default from cde-->anything else
	does anyone know how?

akopps: cde-->at least supported
	we don't want something that isn't supported because ppl were interested and then abandon it-->not supported thereafter
	open windows finally removed
	supported package for gnome 2

lululin: we might as just wait until xpde gets installed to change the default

jeffe: we need to test it first

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SM report:

aoshi: my sql
       still compiling modules for it.
       ppl should try to break up
       need to steal ip of one of the addresses so that mao can get a ip

dwc:   have more ips-->need to send more names
       naming scheme-->keep with same one unless ppl want to change
       having about ten extra ones

cpfeyh: smcc-->ones that didn't make last cut

dwc:	luns and I figure out what the problem with
	combined with samba as a pdc-->trivial patch-->some of things truncated
	nis+ decreption, doesn't check <8 (but <6)
	if the password was longer than 8-->than okay
	current security-->8 (breaks things)
	supposed to ignore anything longer than that

akopps: own version of md5 (and normal version)


dwc:	compatiability issues
	ldap/nis+ tables


lululin: more than one account-->person-->problem
	 brett-->will do this in python so security issue-->null (before leaving)

aoshi: who's going to look at ilamp
       bem is currently looking at it

dwc:   i'll take a look as well

akopps:why is it ssh'ing to war right now?


dwc:   is it going the other way?
       it's not good bc there's a sshkey (private key/public key)

akopps: but you can just restrict the key to certain commands

dwc: if i remember correctly (feature) in open-ssh

akopps: yes, it is but it reduces the useful ness to restrict the useful ness of the key.
	if ppl are interested I can set up cfengine-->as an alterative to ssh 


dwc:    that would be good.

akopps: <talk about math department, donating old machines (sunblades)>
	we can do it on a permanent loan if case we need more
	we should leave a few in case we need them, and two other machines need more cache, so we can just replace the motherboard
	so we should just keep four

dwc:    does the math department have anything we can trade for?
	if we can get more donated, than we can get something that'll have more than right colors etc.

cpfeyh:	e&s bins?

aoshi: are we going to change things to automount things
       don't we have automount


akopps:	floppy's are broken
	my way-->don't support them at all.
	who uses them at all?

dwc:	a lot of users do

aoshi:	that's their problem


ensign:  motion to close
lululin: seconded


-----------------------------------------

new business:

-----------------------------------------

akopps: talked to math department administration
	want to take as many ultra ones as we have 
	even if they don't have memory or disks
	can we make the donation to them?


dwc:	on the same note
	luns says (googled for error) supernova needs new cache 
	typhoon also needs it

akopps: we need to keep four-->need two and need two spares
	if we worry about it than "need permanent loan"

lulu:	have we done anything about recycling. 

recycling not talked to yet

akopps: do we want to support?
	php for files?
	wrote webpage-->ken changed says: (nonstandard to use .php4)
	.php* would treat it as php script -->disabled 
	we can support it I guess 

general: close the server room door!


Attendance:
----------------------------------------


Login/Real Name/BOD/Berkeley Sit-in- good idea or lazy students?
------------------------------------------------------------------

jeffe/Jeff Emrich/T/<blank>
lululin/Lulu Lin/T/either
ogel/Glen Kim/T, CA should secede
bac/Brett Cannon/T/
cpfeyh/Patrick/Y/WTF?
mlich/Irenio Huang/No!!!/Both-duh
ensign/CHUCK/Y/Power-Sloth
akopps/Akops Pogosian/Y/Yes/
aoshi/Randy Chung/Y/Monkey's, all of them
dwc/Derek Chan/X/