OCF BOD meeting:
4/24/03
notes take by: lululin
------------------------


GM report:
--------------
Dell Machine-we are thinking of buying some of these.  There was a really good deal and we were hoping for a better one but the prices only went up.  We'll look into setting a price to buy and buy when it hits that again.  They were 500/apiece with a flat screen included but the deal is already gone.

Funding: we still have funding to spend for this year.  We are also doing next year's: we're asking for about the same as last year, which is: $25,000.

Acma
Tape Drive: has been taken care of, we sent them back and we need to find/purchase new ones now (patrick is working on this?)

There are also people offering us free calendars (sans hot chicks): yes, we want them.

Glen found problems (on mao?): we think he shouldn't have root on any box (associated debate on whether he should be allowed to keep root on his pda, and if it would be easy to take it from him...)

Go Luns! (and eek, kenao et. al for helping) for putting up a windows/lab motd.
 
GM received an email from an user saying that the host name death.ocf.berkeley.edu was scary. :p  

More paper is needed.  How are we for toner?  2 "things" left-- we should order more, since we have the budget to do it, we might as well.

.186 is the daily cal website--> please, if you are, or know anyone using this ip, stop!!! This causes ip conflict and makes the daily cal ppl unhappy. : (

SM Report:
---------------

Old Biz: hot or not
The issue of hot_or_not:
This is okay unless there are any more complaints, or we hear otherwise.  

New Biz: 
n/a

Attendance:  (this is an imcomplete list- update soon to come.)
Aoshi
Jeffe
Ajani
Suztang
Yehfong
Sol
lululin
dwc




