--------------------------------------------------------------------

OCF Board of Directors Minutes:
October 20th, February 2003
by: lululin
--------------------------------------------------------------------


GM Report:
--------------------------------------------------------------------
-Not a whole lot (jeffe)
-video card-->gateway
-publications got annoyed by staff saying "we have keys."
-Javier wants to talk to Tom Cordie and Jan Crowder, etc. without us
-computers-->e & s
-what about other computers? (dunno...)


SM Report:
--------------------------------------------------------------------
-Glen said that he was possessed by the spirit of TJB.
 (I have no idea what this is about: lu2)

New Biz:
--------------------------------------------------------------------
-Linux test machine

Concerns and options (bem): Office in whine, x-over plugin, windoze stuff in unix, office license/windoze license


Bem:
Wouldn't getting macs be better?  I don't really want to deal with 
more pcs or linux....
-we would like powerpoint on the gateways
-maybe we can just the full version of office donated to us

cpfeyh:
Bargain links for pcs

jeffe:
Maybe we can get other ones donated
we'll work on specfics later
we can buy it if we are ready to use it
otherwise we will buy it and the hw will start to depreciate as soon 
as we buy it

dwc:
working on looking at windows and mac integration
Thursby: similar to Dave but not done yet (whitepaper out though)

ajani:
Wants to test it and see what we can do by integration
Put a voting poll
10.2 -->broken nis and not going to fix it

lululin:
I'll talk to rescomp about how we are handling this.

dwc:
another alternative is ldap
making ldap working with samba
then doing to full ldap

akopp:
(sun) still reading and evaluating the documentation
it's incredibly complicationed

ajani:
I'll also look at printing.

cpfeyh:
luns were thinking of doing usb memory flash

ajani:
luns bought one, he tried it, doesn't work, we have don't have an extra adapter
we need a pci card for it, there's the pins but we need to solder it
pcicard-->external usb, or usb hubs
right not it's not trivial for us to do something that's internal

jeffe-->motion to close
lululin->second the motion


Attendance:
--------------------------------------------------------------------

login/real name/bod?/worse or better?

cpfeyh/Patrick Feyh/<blank>/<blank>
maryamv/Maryam Vareth/yes/=) 
smaccan/
adrian/Adrian Cahya/y/<blank>
fungus/Hank Fung/y/?
akopps/Akop Pogosia/y/<blank>
bac/Brett C./y/<blob>
ajani/Bem/n/<crossed>BORK</crossed>MONKEY!
wyc/Wayne Chan/n/boo.
lululin/Lulu Lin/y/yes.




