BoD Meeting: 4/13/06

In Attendance:
Joshk
Cld
Tdhock
Yury
Aoaks
Yonran
Dima
Frank
Geo
Jkit
Sle
Cardi
Elliot
Sahnn
gordeon
So far this is like the House of Parliament for pizza.

Announcements:
-Gm announcement
-Introductions
-end of year party?  Weekend before Cinco de Mayo
-tabling on wed. got us two more users, we'll keep tabling every wed.  
   starting at 11am---we need people coming in at 1pm to take over on 
   weds in the future
-toner order---still in limbo
-sm announcement: raised quota to 4 megabyte

Project Updates:
-Webteam:
             MCC: nothing
             Web poll: jkit's given up, Elliot will take over.
             Staff profiles: jkit's working on it, he needs the  
                             pictures
-Publicity Team:
Logo/t-shirt: tdhock's been working on it---he made an octagon OCF  
              logo: t-shirts being ordered soon

Elections: geo has a signup sheet for us to fill out

Software:
LDAP/Kerberos: Yury says they're having trouble with Windows; sluo  
reinstalled Kerberos

Windows:
Aaron, Sue, and Frank to determine the proper course of action for  
progress!  Joshk will help propagate.

Webserver:
             Sle says something

Other news:

Dima: We could get a Sun Niagra server, discuss options

Security?
MCC has to be closed in order for a staffer to open the side door

Discussion items:
-$700 to spend (headphones for the machines?  New monitors for the  
   linux machines?

Meeting adjourned: 9:00 pm
