BoD Meeting April 06, 2006

In Attendance:
Griffin
Gordeon
Sluo
Aoaks
Joshk
Aleong
Sahnn
Frank
Yury
Kaisenl
Cardi
Sle
Brandon
Cld
denis (at first)

-thank you note
-party at the end of the year?  When?
-Tabling next Wed. volunteers needed

Project Updates:
-Publicity Team:  we need a logo (should be something we can put on
  caps/t-shirts/website---Gordeon and Griffin will work on it and report 
  at next BoD meeting)
-Softeam: webserver needs work (Steven will work on it); LDAP/Kerberos (no
  data recorded at the moment, Keberos will be reinstalled sometime 
  tonight; Quota increase (will happen whenever someone gets around to 
  doing it); Win image (Frank's been sick, so he hasn't done much---neither 
  has Sue, although Asian languages have been enabled, firefox and windows 
  profile as well---joshk will move forward with propagation)
-Hardware: Eshleman (no one is working on it---there's 3 computers that
  should be moved back over there; Novakyu is supposed to be working on it
-Security: Frank's trying to get a crad-reader

-problem: teams are really disorganized.
	-Tdhock proposes team outlines (timeline, list of members, 
           appointed leader, things they need, money they need), which will 
           make everything more complete
	-Tdhock distributes sample sheets to project leaders
-user subdomains ex/ tdhock.OCF.berkeley.edu yes/no?
-Denis left the room
-Levels of staff (who should have what access?):
	-approve
	-wiki write
	-staff hours
	-paper/printer
	-dequeuing
	-pkillxsun
-elections: $1000 if we volunteer

Meeting adjourned: 8:30pm
