# OCF Board of Directors' (BoD) Meeting #

* _Date:_ 23 March 2006, 7PM
* _Place:_ Casa Zimbabwe (2422 Ridge Road, Berkeley, CA)
* _Minutes by elliot@ocf_

* All words attributed to a speaker are paraphrased unless explicitly quoted.

--------------------------------------------------

## Preliminaries ##

### Attendance: ###
* <ocfuser>tdhock</ocfuser>
* <ocfuser>yury</ocfuser>
* <ocfuser>cardi</ocfuser>
* <ocfuser>elliot</ocfuser>
* <ocfuser>griffin</ocfuser>
* <ocfuser>dima</ocfuser>
* <ocfuser>ogle</ocfuser>
* <ocfuser>geo</ocfuser>
* <ocfuser>remlluf</ocfuser>
* <ocfuser>jones</ocfuser>
* <ocfuser>jkit</ocfuser>
* <ocfuser>dwc</ocfuser>
* <ocfuser>gordeon</ocfuser>
* <ocfuser>janderso</ocfuser>
* <ocfuser>cld</ocfuser>

### Introductions ###

* Everyone introduced him/herself.

--------------------------------------------------

## Announcements ##

* <ocfuser>remlluf</ocfuser>: Eshleman/MLK network is going down briefly on Monday, March 26.

--------------------------------------------------

## General Manager / Site Manager (GM/SM) Messages ##

* No GM/SM messages in particular today.  General discussion
  occurred.

--------------------------------------------------

## Discussion Items ##

### Toner ###

* <ocfuser>griffin</ocfuser>: We still don't have toner.  NewEgg sent us bad toner, which we returned, and now we are waiting for the new toner to arrive.

### SUN Party Review ###

* OCF held a party today in appreciation of SUN Microsystems, and
  their Chief Technology Officer in particular, John Fowler.
  SUN and Mr. Fowler, in conjunction with EECS and Big Ideas
  at Berkeley, arranged for the donation of a new SunFire v40z server to OCF.

* <ocfuser>tdhock</ocfuser>: SUN Party could have gone
  better; we needed an organized publicity team.

  1. for getting OCF more visibility
  2. for improving relations with (in this case) SUN and EECS

* <ocfuser>jones</ocfuser>: (On the other hand,) I think
  companies do these events more for viral marketing; if a SUN executive gets
  young people interested in SUN, then he's doing his job.  OCF only provides
  basic IT services, so Fowler is probably not expecting anything really
  innovative; just the fact that we're still using SUN hardware is a victory for
  them.  

  If computational physics people want to do something with SUN hardware with
  30 processors, that would be great (but it's different).  

### Cluster Computing? ###


#### Is there need or interest? ####
* <ocfuser>tdhock</ocfuser>: People have computationally
  intensive projects, but it seems like the problem is
  already solved; departments have clusters.  Besides that,
  it's a waste if there's no demand.  OCF is about
  democratic computing, and clusters don't help a lot
  of people.

* (Are there people outside of departments that need
  clusters?)

* <ocfuser>jkit</ocfuser>: Using department clusters
  requires local insider knowledge and permission.  If we offered similar 
  services, it might encourage people to use a cluster.

   * <ocfuser>tdhock</ocfuser>: We could offer a class on
     cluster computing.

* <ocfuser>jones</ocfuser>: All you need is a few people and
  a few hypothetical examples of uses.  If people are
  interested besides me, we should just do it and then see
  what happens.

#### Feasibility ####

* See also related topics in this week's minutes:
  * Funding section
  * Mission section
  * Productivity section

* SUN seems to moving in the direction of clusters.
* <ocfuser>jones</ocfuser> can help set up clusters.  It is a good experience.
* It takes a few days of full time work for one person to
  set up a cluster (example was for a 100 machine cluster).

### Mission of OCF ###

* (Following upon cluster computing...)

* <ocfuser>yury</ocfuser>: This goes back to "what is the
  mission of OCF?"  W&MF is superior for general computing.

* <ocfuser>jones</ocfuser>: There's a really good statement
  in the constitution, basically that "OCF is about
  gathering resources and giving them away to people." Back in
  the day you basically had to be a CS student just to get
  e-mail.  OCF was created just to give everyday people access
  to computers.

  My personal feeling is that (today) OCF could
  offer more cool web services, Webspace is still the killer
  app.  It's a good general thing.  Personally I'd like to
  make it more web friendly, so people don't have to learn
  the command line.  It would also be cool to gather more
  cutting edge services, like cluster computing.

  The cool thing is that over time OCF has trained legions
  of really good IT people.  Literally dozens of people have
  come out of OCF with really solid skills, and in the process
  (of that training) everybody else benefits (from utilizing
  the services).

### Funding and Donations ###

* (Related to cluster computing options...)

* Do we have a problem with funding?

* <ocfuser>jones</ocfuser>: (Funding) doesn't have to be a
  problem if we get donations. What are people interested
  in?  Our past (serious) attempts have been successful.
  Don't be afraid to ask.

* (Have we even been _trying_ to get donations?)

* <ocfuser>remlluf</ocfuser>: Or you can go in front of the
  and ask for a budget increase, as long as you can justify it.

  * <ocfuser>jones</ocfuser>: All basic necessities (e.g.
    backups) should be covered by ASUC.
 
* <ocfuser>dwc</ocfuser>: We should try to have a demand
  for services or hardware before we start asking people
  for more resources.

### Organization and Productivity ###

* Do we have enough people-power?  Are people lazy?

* <ocfuser>jones</ocfuser>: Watching this organization over many years, OCF is
  not actually short on manpower.  It's just whether people are motivated.  It's
  more of whether the OCF provides something that seems more fun that
  (schoolwork).  graduating.  If people generate new projects, new hardware,
  people will either jump or it, or they won't, depending upon a lot of factors.  
* Some (many?) users would like to get involved but can't figure out how to.

* <ocfuser>yury</ocfuser>: We shouldn't overreach; last year
  we advertised improvements we didn't actually give (e.g.
  disk quota increase).
 
--------------------------------------------------

## Team Updates ##

### Web Team Update ###

* Web Team meeting attendance has been sporadic this week.

* Staff Hours/Staff Profile:

  * Remaking staff hours/staff profiles page.  Basic PHP is done.
    Two web team staffers said they were going to add onto it.  
  
* Event Scheduler:
  * No new work this week.
  * <ocfuser>jkit</ocfuser> plans to work on it over spring break.
  * What is the scheduler?
     * Joint venture with MCC; they don't have a calendar
       scheduler.  Nobody knows their scheduling except them, and only
       because they have e-mail.
     * Based on PHPiCal, with add functionality, e.g.:
         * Apply for times/spaces
         * Administrators can log in and approve applications.
  * Only thing not done currently is authentication.

* <ocfuser>tdhock</ocfuser>: Good job on SUN recognition paragraph on our main website.

### LDAP/Kerberos Team Update ###

* <ocfuser>yury</ocfuser>:  <ocfuser>sluo</ocfuser> and I both had midterms.
  We are short on human resources.

### Publicity/Flyering/Tabling Team Update ###

* <ocfuser>cld</ocfuser> tried to figure out how to get t-shirts made.  We need a logo.

* <ocfuser>remlluf</ocfuser> suggests:
  * Picture of someone fishing into a window-shaped pond
  * Fishing with CAT 5 (ethernet) cable
  * Fishing for/hooking credit cards
  * Caption: "Gone phishing?"

* <ocfuser>cld</ocfuser> suggets some sort of play on "The OC."

### Server Team Update ###

* <ocfuser>dima</ocfuser> and <ocfuser>sle</ocfuser> stayed up all night to set
  up the v40z.  Still need to install/migrate Apache, Perl/PHP, MySQL.  MySQL
  can possibly stay on _death_, though mysql might overload death if/when we
  move mail onto _death_ as well.

* We don't know if we can finish the migration by the end of the semester.

### Windows Imaging Team ###

* No one from the Windows imaging team was present.

* Useful information:
 
  * Setting Firefox's global default cache size is now on
    the [Staffwiki] [1]

[1]: http://docs.ocf.berkeley.edu/staffwiki/Mozilla_Firefox

  * Quota profile size is encoded into group policy.

### Eshleman Team ###

* BoD voted to put our systems back in the Eshleman lounge.

  * We had four, <ocfuser>jkit</ocfuser> is using one, now we have three.

  * The systems are still in the server room.

* This team does not exist, though we need it.

  * <ocfuser>novakyu</ocfuser> is apparently assigned to the job,
    but does not appear to have been making progress on it.

    * <ocfuser>yury</ocfuser>: He has midterms.

* <ocfuser>remlluf</ocfuser>: In the past, lounge officials only wanted
  web browsing enabled on the systems.  Now they can be fully functional, with
  office, etc..

* Network access

  * There is network access in Eshleman, just not to the 7th floor lounge itself.

  * Is VPN through AirBEARS an option?

  * (In reponse to <ocfuser>dima</ocfuser>'s point-to-point networking
    proposal:)

     * <ocfuser>remlluf</ocfuser>: Any exposed external devices mounted on
       buildings must be passed through the campus aesthetics commitee. 

--------------------------------------------------

## More Discussion ##

### Game Server? ###

* <ocfuser>jkit</ocfuser>: SUN is working on gaming, backing
  Sony, etc..  [Mr. Fowler] said "we should give you a game
  server."  If we're interested, we should contact him.

* (People generally thought that) Fowler seemed able
  and willing to give rather liberally (relative to OCF's needs).

* We have minimal support for a game server team, e.g.
  <ocfuser>cardi</ocfuser>, <ocfuser>geo</ocfuser>, <ocfuser>elliot</ocfuser>.

* <ocfuser>remlluf</ocfuser>: The current ASUC president is behind a game
  cluster project, as are the gellateria people.  This kind of proposal can't
  come from my office, but let me know if you want to do it.

### Library Proxy ###

* The library proxy does not appear to be working anymore.

* <ocfuser>remlluf</ocfuser>: E-mail the library and tell them we
  have qualified administrators on (specified) IP range.

* <ocfuser>tdhock</ocfuser>: Ideally we want everyone to be
  able to use the library sites with zero configuration on the
  part of the user.

### Constitutional Review ###

* The constitution covers procedure, rather than technical policies.
  Everyone on BoD should ideally be familiar with the constitution. 

* Constitution and policies are not always updated; we may have
  to go through all the minutes to make sure that our formal
  documents are revised to the current date. One can do this
  in chunks (rather than all at once) as long as one documents
  that "constitution is current up to date _X_."

* <ocfuser>cld</ocfuser> informally volunteers to examine constitution and
  policies.


### More Leadership/Organizational Positions? ###

* <ocfuser>tdhock</ocfuser> proposes creation of additional management
positions, especially a publicity manager.

* <ocfuser>jkit</ocfuser>: Titles are nice, but what would they do?

* <ocfuser>dwc</ocfuser>: You can make more positions, but don't make them
constitutionally required.  These positions can be "delegated by (GM/SM)."

### ASUC Elections ###

#### Logistics #####

* April 25, 26, 27 (Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday) 

* Duties:

  * Set up 16 locations on campus (connect routers and laptops)

  * On call at ASUC headquarters

#### Why participate? ####

* Individual Incentives
  
  * Hang out with OCF staff, LAN, eat

  * Can put it on your resume

* Service and Professionalism

  * Good way to help the campus community.

  * <ocfuser>jones</ocfuser>: The cool thing is seeing a project with a
    really finite deadline get done, and get done well.  OCF has always
    done a really good job.

* Beneficial to OCF

  * Good opportunity for publicity.

  * OCF tends to get donations (not guaranteed).

  * ASUC decides OCF's funding.  We make a good impression
    when we show that we are helpful, responsible and skilled.

#### OCF will participate. ####

* <ocfuser>tdhock</ocfuser>: "I give it my thumbs up."

* General consensus that OCF will help run ASUC elections


## Closing ##

* Meeting ends.
