BoD Minutes 3/16/06

-THE DOOR: Frank's working on it
-joshk and cardi and rfm and sle want to be on BoD

In Attendance:

Aoaks
Yury
Dima
Griffin
Sle
Sluo
Gordeon
Denisl
Sahnn
Jkit
Tdhock
Cld
Cardi
Elliot
Joshk
rfm

Meeting:
-Called to order 7:16pm

-Caboodle/Newegg has not sent the toner, b/c of shipping difficulties

-BMUN paid us for a new toner, even though they only used 1500 pages

-SUN Party

       -plaque

       -ice: someone needs to get some: joshk will get it

-Vacuum: we got one and tdhock vacuumed the lab---we also obtained a  
soldering iron

-the computers on the ground in the server room should be moved---we  
should also clean out the racks.



Project Updates:
-Event scheduler: should be done by spring break

             -web user poll: Jimmy hasn't gotten the lists yet, but  
                he will get it done tonight
             -staff profiles: web team is working on it
             -SUN web recognition: plaque
             -LDAP/Kerberos: working on the server, strategizing
             -publicity/flyering: nothing (cld will make flyer 
                this weekend)
             -webserver team: will do stuff this weekend & upgrade

-Meeting closed 7:47
