Hey peoples,

Here are the minutes for Feb 28th BoD (day before Leap-Year-Day!)
Slightly more productive than last time. It was a miracle.

~GCW

PS. Show up to BoD!!! Please? =)

--------------------------------------

Present:
dmchan - David Chan
*gcwong - Genevieve Wong
*gfs - Gregory Shuflin (Site Manager)
*gordeon - Gordon Mei (General Manager and chair)
*kevintra - Kevin Tran
*sluo - Steven Luo

*: member of BoD

Quorum not met

Start time - 7:29 pm

GM

Budget: $8,545.95
misc: $4,030.04 - ~$100+ => ~$3900

gordon: we're playing a drawing game!

motion by sle from 2 BoDs ago
- 500 GB HDD from newegg
- no quorum
- tabled to e-mail

bmun
- contacted by them; agreed to 5+ computers
- need 1 staffer to cover the following times:
- 3/14: 7-10:30pm
- 3/15: 9-5:30pm
- 3/16: 9-12pm

subdomain for binnov
- requested examclock.berkeley.edu, points to
innovation.berkeley.edu/examclock
- ExamClock = service to turn projector in classrooms into large clock for
exams
sluo: we've had too many requests last year for random subdomains
gordon: this is too small a thing for a 2nd subdomain
sluo: greg should send them an email
gordon: so that's not passing

Maintenance Day: "Post-Leap-Year Day"
- this saturday 3/1
- start around 2pm, maybe food afterwards
- clean lab, possibly rearrange lab.
- wants to take couch and move it to corner
sluo: table is fixed to wall...
gordon: can we put solaris machine in server room?
gcwong: aaron said we should have lpq -s machine
gordon: we used to have an iMac G4 for it, but it got cut off
sluo: the only problem is that the old machines are very power hungry
- will settle lpq -s machine issue later

Volleyball
gordon: can someone get a volleyball or has one?
- RSF membership? gordon doesn't have one.
- could just buy one...

Stickers
gordon: sle wants to go to Sun events, with stickers, but ours are not
very professional
- prices from stickerguy.com for bulk:
- blk on white: 2.13x2.75 - 2000 for 156 (1 color ink)
- white on blk: 2.13x2.75 - 2000 for 145
- blk on white: 4.25x1.38 - 2000 for 160
- white on blk: 4.25x1.38 - 2000 for 149
- non-bulk B&W: 2.13x2.75 - 250 for $20 ppd (USPS priority mail postage
paid in US)
sluo: not very useful...don't see how this will help
dmchan: we can't offer them anything anyway, there's no point

SM

UPS down
- some servers affected temporarily by power down
- replacement back up power supply: sle said retail $800
gfs: can wait until end of semester, not that urgent

Office 2007
gordon: we have 07 on lenovos, default format .docx a hassle to change to
.doc
sluo: less printing problems, it seems, but still some => something else
needs to change

gordon: meeting will be over as soon as drawing game is done...
- drawing results: started as picture of Sailor Moon crucified w/ sack of
potatoes
=> end description: Guy (Geo?!) with a sack of potatoes (wow, it carried
over?!)

meeting adjourned: 8:05pm
