Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
bencuan
bernardzhao
dphan
hexhu
jaw
kmo
ncberberi
nint
njha
snarain
wqnguyen

Guests in attendance:
ronitnath*
vio*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 11

Meeting Started at 20:10

## Action Item Updates
Viewable at https://github.com/ocf/bod/projects/1.

- Talk to CSUA about marketing
    - > Will talk about this at next internal meeting.
- Upgrade to RT 5
    - > jaw has worked on it.
- Privacy Policy
    - > Text has been looked at. PR soon.
- Example design docs for projects
    - > Jaw's new wordpress security design doc: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q2cdxYfaiZXLk6gaNJmFIURP--Rwg9uZ9-YY3bmO9Uc/edit
    - > OCF Account Control Panel: https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/q4HGl4CtTSS4MhjXWyOhhA
    - > We'll have to find a way to organise design docs later so they can be found.
- Updates on opstaff operations
    - > They've started doing stuff. Things seem fine. Next opstaff meeting is Friday.

## Announcements

### PSA: BoD workflow has changed
- Agendas are on notes.ocf.io.
    - Use your OCF account to sign in.
- Minutes are taken collaboratively on the agenda, then that's entered into ocf.io/bod.
- Action items are now on [Github Issues](https://github.com/ocf/bod/projects/1).

### Join a committee!
- Committees:
    - Communications (snarain & nint)
    - Finance (ncberberi)
    - Industry/Alumni Relations (bernardzhao)
    - Internal (wqnguyen & snarain)
    - University Affairs (dphan & kmo)
    - DeCal (bencuan & bernardzhao & njha)
- **Add a role on Discord** (see #bot-spam)
- Or join the channel on Slack/Matrix/IRC

## Discussion

### Staff meeting platform
- The vote was tied at the end of staff meeting. Vote now.
- Options in the poll:
    - Zoom + Discord
    - Google Meet + Discord
    - Discord
- nint: Zoom wasn't working yesterday! Maybe we shouldn't be using software that doesn't work! This affected both staff meeting and decal info session.
- https://www.opavote.com/en/vote/6266457731104768
- > It's decided! Future meetings will be on Google Meet. This will be sent out in the staff meeting recap email.

### Updates from internalcomm meeting
- Hack day is coming up on 19 Sept 3p-10p.
    - We'll want to have raffle prizes.
    - Wilson will be leading it.
- We have biweekly socials planned. Go to #internalcomm if you have ideas for a social you want to have.
    - We have a certain theme for each one!
- We want to have a resume workshop event where people can work on their resumes and alumns can be invited to come to talk about their experiences with industry and recruiting.
    - Any update on this, bernardzhao?
    - > Opstaff can help with this.
    - > Would be best to have it before our industry events.
    - > This could be part of a staff meeting.
        - > Wouldn't be enough time, so have it as its own event.
        - > Alumni availability would probably favor a weekend date.
    - > https://github.com/ocf/internalcomm/issues/4

### Updates from universityaffairscomm
- According to Megan, MLK has no plans to fully open this semester (there may be some opening for study space, but as of rn, the OCF is to remain closed)
    - > F.
- Need inventory collection in order to get some insurance for our equipment
    - > We can't go into the lab to do inventory collection.
    - > Our lab access is very limited now.

### Updates from opstaff
- Opstaff have picked projects they're gonna work on for the next few weeks, some of you have been put as a point of contact:
    - snarain: main point of contact for social media related stuff
    - bernardzhao: main point of contact for industry related things as well as web redesign
    - jaw: main point of contact for technical stats for social media posts and current orgs we service for outreach
    - kmo/dphan: anything and everything else

### Update from CockroachDB Event
- How did it go?
- > idk.

### Vote: Finance bylaw amendments
- [Finance Bylaw Amendments](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mVEbmZOxiiP8fLYxyOUYIgcrs8D0Y9lN2GorOYojy2g/edit)
- [Board Budget rules](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LOoG9Y-lx3FsYtCjho0DG5lpSTLQXG65tzzhpA6dD0Y/edit?usp=sharing)
- Fall 2020 Budget: https://github.com/ocf/financecomm/issues/1 
- Checked ASUC rules, this doesn't seem to be prohibited.
- > Approved both.


### Vote: Constitution Amendment for Ranked Choice Voting
- [Constitution ammendment doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16jZGeIX9I5MdJ-lfJZAKUiLrm-1HJcSmayl-LYm0mBY/edit)
- > Approved.

### Discuss: When should the donation matching end date be?
- Status update please!
- > We have one response on the form, 3 donation matches total. About $150. Sad!
- > Let's end it. Somebody needs to do the matching and change the website.
- > https://github.com/ocf/financecomm/issues/3
- > https://github.com/ocf/ocfweb/issues/637

### Vote: Username requirements
- [Remove similarity heuristic PR](https://github.com/ocf/ocflib/pull/216).
- [Associated wording change PR](https://github.com/ocf/ocfweb/pull/622).
- This proposal reached broad consensus during the summer.
- > Approved.

### Vote: Approve the privacy policy final wording to merge
- https://github.com/ocf/ocfweb/pull/636
- > Approved.

### CalLink conventions
- Currently, CalLink is used for providing access to the after-hours access form (keycard access)
- Should we consider using CalLink membership in the future for new staff?
- > Approve people who show up to stuff, deny people who don't, and email them telling them how to join.

### Discuss: Buying a domain for short URLs (oc.fm)
- "oc.fm/blah" is 3 chars shorter than "ocf.io/s/blah".
- oc.fm would be only for short urls, so don't need to think about /s/ vs non-s.
- This domain is $100/year.
- > No, but we can make it so non-s urls also work with s.

Meeting Adjourned at 21:01

Notetaker: kmo
