Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
bernardzhao
bencuan
davidchoiboy
dphan
fydai
hexhu
jaw
kmo
ncberberi
neeco
njha
ronitnath
snarain
ziyaoz


Quorum for this meeting is 7

Meeting Started at 20:10

## Action Item Updates
- None!

## Agenda

### Buysheet (ocf.io/buysheet)
- Anything new?
- Replacement Switch
- T-Shirt shipping costs
### Last University Affairs Updates
- Deadline for PRs is this coming Monday, Dec. 7th, at 9am. Get your PRs in so we can stage 2 them!
    - This more of a soft deadline, but anything submitted after isn't guaranteed to be processed before the break
- Emergency access during the break will be the same as during the semester.
    - Contact Bahar and schedule a time to come in
- [Inventory](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1KggISumZPciJeJLE-Km7l6UiVNWOcPLTKmbKgi8BFGo/edit)
    - Inventory of general lab items (monitors, keyboards, mice, etc.) is basically done. We still need to value the desktops and servers which have different parts. Should use replacement cost.
    - Photos are located in the staff drive under the inventory folder
### T-Shirt Form Out!
https://docs.google.com/forms/u/2/d/1nbLL5pB2GjwbBR2aqtbLZkE110iK6s8mZpvoBG7g2Vw/edit?urp=gmail_link&gxids=7628

### Committee Head Elections!
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17JgCRUCpquENhpt0w2cQFdEcBnf35Wxby9BD6wS1mlU/edit#gid=1816613154

- Nominations (Updates)
    - Neeco Bencuan and hexhu added to Decal - anddone and dphan. Accepted
    - Neeco and hexhu added to Decal - anddone and dphan. Accepted.
    - bencuan anddone decal - Dropped
    - hexhu anddone decal - Dropped
    - bencuan ronitnath anddone decal - Dropped
    - neeco bencuan hexhu - Dropped
    - neeco hexhu - Dropped

- Election Results (For Spring 2021)
    - Internal Comm
        - jaw and ronitnath 1-0-8-5
    - Communications Comm
        - ronitnath and bencuan 2-12
    - Industry/Alumni Comm
        - rrchan and asai 8-8
    - Finance Comm
        - ncberberi and ronitnath 2-12
    - Decal
        - bencuan and hexhu 0-0-0-14-0-0-0

Meeting Adjourned at 21:00

Notetaker: kmo
