Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
dphan
hexhu
jaw
kmo
ncberberi
nint
ronitnath
wqnguyen

Guests in attendance:
php

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 8

Meeting Started at 20:12

## Action Item Updates
Viewable at https://github.com/ocf/bod/projects/1.

- Automatically add new issues to repo's project #13 (Nint)
    - > Eventually will do it (6 - 8 years?)
    - > Issue is added to a project automatically without clicking
- Spec out Ceph and HPC nodes #19 (jaw)
    - > Haven't really spec'd out Ceph yet, but it's not difficult
    - > HPC Node ($15k budget)
        - > We want the beefy, extra thicc and juicy RTX 3080, but NVIDIA + stocking issues
    - > Next steps would probably involve creating a document or PCPartPicker list
- Create example design docs for projects #17
    - > Add them to the README of projects repo.
- Upgrade to RT 5 #5 
    - > Hasn't happened yet.
- OCF X CockroachLabs & OCF X Facebook #18 
    - > There's some progress.
    - > What we need to do is heavy recruitment to these events!
        - > dphan will talk to opstaff

## Agenda

### Recap: Hack Day
- Discord-slack bridge fixed
- Fixes on ocfstatic
- Accept purchase requests for raffle winners
### Updates from university affairs
- Working on resolving the BLM PR issues
- rrchan's Switch was missing from the lab
    - It is likely it was left there during the closure, but it is not there.
    - If one of ya'll has it or has an idea of where it is, please let us know
    - Otherwise, will have to contact UCPD to get access logs
        - Who's the imposter???ðŸ•µï¸

- Emergency Card Access:
    - Email drafted up and sent to Bahar
        - > Will be sent soon -jaw
    - The proposed arrangement is basically:
        - One (pref 2) people with card access at all times
        - We'd send an email just to let em know we came in
        - Fill out symptom screener beforehand
        - Still schedule regular maintenance normally by emailing Bahar
    - Will keep you guys updated on the status of this

- I (Derek) found that my card access to MLK still works, so we will contact Eleanor to do an audit of current card access just to make sure no one can access the building who isn't supposed to
- Need to schedule a presentation to the ASUC just to let them know we're still around and running
- Window still broken :(, but fixes will likely take a while (according to ASUC)

### Discuss: Changing BoD schedule to biweekly?
- > Just have shorter weekly meetings.
- > Could make it easier to contribute async, for example putting up next week's BoD agenda earlier.

### Discuss: Atlas? New Kubernetes? ocfweb? Vision of OCF?
- jaw: from a technical pov me and fydai drafted a quick doc over the summer: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yIkITRFeMe7gV0BueR-m5I96kNfgco113LHY97Ox43w/edit?usp=sharing
    - ofc if we think issues is a better place to track this stuff I can move it into there
- > Changing technical culture at the OCF to be more receptive of feedback? (#experiments)
- > #experiments now exists on matrix and Discord, and they're bridged

### Cameras in the lab?
- > Possibly for the storage room
- > Bring it up with Eleanor
- > Should be thought about with moderation -- privacy policy concerns??

Meeting Adjourned at 21:01

Notetaker: kmo
