Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
asai
bencuan
bernardzhao
cooperc
dphan
fydai
jaw
kmo
minos
ncberberi
nint
njha
rrchan
snarain

Guests in attendance:
anddone*
ethanhs*
hexhu*
shein*
kdr
rihu

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 9

Meeting Started at 19:09

## Action Item Updates
Viewable at https://github.com/ocf/bod/projects/1.

For those who are just coming back to the OCF from spring, we're using a different flow for BoD ([Github Issues](https://github.com/ocf/bod/projects/1) + notes.obe)

- **Plan a committee meeting schedule**
    - Blocked commitee time: Tue 8-10p, Sat 3-4p
    - Designated time to be productive, get on Discord VC if you want.
    - Committee meetings soft-recommended to be within these times.
    - Tick-tock schedule idea: every other week the meeting is more involved and planning-focused, on the off-weeks just work on tasks
        - If you don't have much time, just go to the bigger planning meetings.
- [**Create a privacy policy**](https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/HqJ-GsBNR_Wb1YWCgT9UUQ)
    - Thanks jaw for working on this.
- **Upgrade to RT 5**
- **Talking to other CS orgs about marketing**
- **Create example design docs for projects**


## Agenda

### PSA: Notes in BoD are done in notes.obe
- Use your OCF account to sign into CodiMD


### (15 min) Fall semester opstaff operations
- Main issue: Opstaff can no longer work the front desk, so as a result their work has be done by remote projects. This leads to issues with hours they can work.
    - **Option 1:** Keep hours that opstaff can work the same, have a large pool of projects to work on
        - **Pros:** Allows opstaffers who need hours to continue working the hours they need
        - **Cons:** 
            - We need to have a **TON** of projects to work on. And they need to be good projects that have value to the org and to the betterment of the community. There are a lot of hours in the semester, it may not be possible to come up with this much work
            - **kdr** is worried of the intensity of the work shifting from something like manning the front desk to be purely project based will be overwhelming to opstaffers (it's pretty different from the work expectations even though projects are part of the responsibility)

    - **Option 2:** Reduce hours for opstaffers if we can't come up with work for them
        - **Pros:** 
            - Prevents a slew of bad projects we're putting on opstaff
            - It may not be possible to come up with enough projects to keep opstaff busy for the normal hours
        - **Cons:** 
            - Some opstaffers need the hours
            - How do we measure how much to reduce hours by?
    - **Option 3:** Equal hours for opstaff
    - **How to keep people accountable**
        - le standups
- [Opstaff Tasks](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jJL62ZmwsW7iJ19v1s3X7b5Km_R1EFGdVtfjAWicZms/edit)
- [Opstaff SOP](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Bw-D94DMcuHL5LbMIf2J-d83PwoHdWfpMV6YSX5VpWg/edit)
- > We're doing option 3. BoD will be responsible for figuring out tasks, including hours and deadlines.
- > Connect opstaff to relevant staffers. We can list who to conctact about an opstaff task with the task.
- kdr: equal hours for opstaff could be a possible solution.
- minos: projects need to be managed well; productivity in a remote setting is a concern. SOP/expectations need to be made clear.
- kdr: ~50% of time per week is spent helping people at the desk
- We will proceed with option 3 (equal hours for opstaff) for now. BoD will be responsible for determining projects.
- Plans for recruitment and retention amidst Covid.


### (5 min) [Calapalooza Tabling on Friday (9/4 4-6pm PST)](https://github.com/ocf/commcomm/issues/5)
- Two hour tabling session on [ocf.io/zoom](http://ocf.io/zoom)
- Need volunteers to sit in the zoom and "table"
- > kmo volunteers, but has staff hours at the same time. Will cancel staff hours.
- > minos
- > jaw (4-6)
- > rrchan (4-5)


### (3 min) Should we have BoD during week of 9–13 Nov
- Wed 11 Nov is Veteran's day, no class.
- If we don't have BoD that week, there will be two week gaps between the last 3 meetings.
- BoD schedule in md format is available [here](https://github.com/ocf/bod/blob/master/2020%20Fall.md).
- > Bylaws mandate at least one BoD per 2 weeks.
- > We'll do Monday 7-8p.


### (5 min) What is the vision of the OCF?
- **What are our long term goals?**
    - Improving recruitment during the fall semester
    - Improving inclusivity during the fall semester
    - Solidifying software decisions for OCF organizational/administrative use
    - Opstaff decisions during COVID-19
- **How does this influence our processes for making tech decisions?**
    - Same as before, but incorporating feedback is important
- **How does this influence our processes for making administrative decisions?**
    - Stressing that BoD is open to attend, moving agenda notes to a collaborate notes platform
- **What’s the vision and structure for BoD meetings?**


### Discuss: Finance bylaw amendments
- [Finance Bylaw Amendments](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mVEbmZOxiiP8fLYxyOUYIgcrs8D0Y9lN2GorOYojy2g/edit)
- [Board Budget rules ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LOoG9Y-lx3FsYtCjho0DG5lpSTLQXG65tzzhpA6dD0Y/edit?usp=sharing)
- Fall 2020 Budget: https://github.com/ocf/financecomm/issues/1 
- > We need to check ASUC rules. Revisit next week.


### Proposal: Constitution Amendment for Ranked Choice Voting
- [Link to amendment (Google Docs)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16jZGeIX9I5MdJ-lfJZAKUiLrm-1HJcSmayl-LYm0mBY/edit)
- > Will vote on this next week.


### Discuss: Buying a domain for short URLs (oc.fm)
- "oc.fm/blah" is 3 chars shorter than "ocf.io/s/blah".
- oc.fm would be only for short urls, so don't need to think about /s/ vs non-s.
- This domain is $100/year.


### Discuss: When should the donation matching end date be?
- Status update please!


### Discuss: Username requirements
- [Remove similarity heuristic](https://github.com/ocf/ocflib/issues/136).
- This proposal reached broad consensus during the summer.
- > Will vote on this next week.


### (5 min) PSA: Join a committee
- Communications (snarain & nint)
- Finance (ncberberi)
- Industry/Alumni Relations (bernardzhao)
- Internal (wqnguyen & snarain)
- University Affairs (dphan & kmo)
- DeCal (bencuan & bernardzhao & njha)


### PSA: GitHub Issues is the big new thing
- Found at [ocf.io/github/bod](https://ocf.io/github)
- There are repos for each committee and one for BoD
- Tasks are organized using the issues tab
- Everyone on BoD therefore should be in our GitHub org (reach out if you're not).


### PSA: We have a work Discord @ https://ocf.io/discord
- What is the status on authenticating users
    - > 70% done, just need authentication to be added. k e y c l o n k .
    - > bernardzhao can help.
    - > This is low priority lol.
- What is the status on the bridging
    - > 2 months to 11 years until implemented.


### PSA: Sign up for staff hours! Add yourself to https://github.com/ocf/etc/blob/master/configs/staff_hours.yaml


Meeting Adjourned at 20:00

Notetaker: kmo
