Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
davidchoiboy
dphan
fydai
hexhu
jaw
kmo
njha
ronitnath
snarain

Quorum for this meeting is 7

Meeting Started at 20:09

## Action Item Updates
Viewable at https://github.com/ocf/bod/projects/1.

- Outreach Events
    - Check up on dates and make sure marketing/etc. get done on time
    - See below for event dates
- Guideline to get approval before irreversible action
    - Started a new document to expand common sense policy: https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/4NotpXpmTge9mnW0qU4lTA#

## Agenda

### Buysheet (ocf.io/buysheet)
- Anything new?
- jaw: ceph and ceph accessories
    - I put SFP cables on the buysheet. Anyone know if we already have them?
        - Approved. ASUC
    - Definitely also need an ethernet cable but I'm sure we have those

### Remainder of the Semester
- There are like 2 meetings left, including this one (apparently)
    - Because of this, I propose we do BoD either on Monday or Tuesday next week
    - 1 meeting for GM election
    - the next for Committee Head Elections
    - The week after is Dead Week and the week after that is Finals
    - Alternatively, we can do nominations this week, and do both GM/SM elections and committee head elections all on the last BoD.
        - Meeting on Monday 7-8PM
- What needs to be done before the end of the semester
    - GM/SM Elections
    - Committee Head Elections
    - Small Hackday

### kdr Opstaff Updates
- kdr is here to give some updates on Opstaff!
    - Outreach - user feedback form reinstalled for responses
    - Social Media - Graphical and organization improvements
        - Signs and graphics to be updated in lab

### Elections Coming Up!
- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17JgCRUCpquENhpt0w2cQFdEcBnf35Wxby9BD6wS1mlU/edit#gid=0
- We need nominations for GM and SMs, as well as Committee Heads!
- GM/SM elections will be next meeting
- Nominees, please prepare a short speech for the election meeting
    - GM, GM 2, Nomination, Second, Accepted
        - snarain, kmo, dphan, jaw, accepted
        - ronitnath, kmo, asai, dphan, accepted
        - rrchan, kmo, asai, dphan, accepted
    - SM, SM 2, Nomination, Second, Accepted
        - jaw, njha, snarain, kmo, rejected
        - njha, fydai, snarain, kmo, njha accepted
        - kmo, njha, jaw, dphan, accepted
        - wqnguyen, bencuan, asai, jaw, Pending
        - njha, bencuan, kmo, snarain, rejected

### OCF Swag!
- We've got the tshirts
    - Send out google form for interest
- Stickers have been made, how many should we order? 
    - [designs](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/2/folders/1dtlPA3itmNWqTpL4gsRGW7YrVB1bsMCN)
    - [pricing sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vQw99RrnT8d5xnjJVXw-ecVIkU4wIcXiwX_UlUeYyoY/edit#gid=0)
    - Opting for 125 of each sticker

- dphan will get a google form out with a way to ship out shirts
    - Buying shirts not ideal this semester

### dphan's Reflection on the Semester
### dphan's Proposal for Future Staff Onboarding

https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/GBYuwPXMRA2js-qdNxhg7w?both
- Application =/= Restrictive
    - Expand on original format of Get-To-Know-You form
    - Admit those who want to join, assess not into extremes
    - Guage staff interests
    - New Staffer engagement and retention increase
    - Screening for people with ideas in the extremes to be pre-determined before joining
- Concerns/Perspectives
    - cooperc: Application may not reduce admissions of problematic staffers, and inclusivity of staffers
    - rrchan: Retention may improve of OCF staffers, unsure of impact on inclusion
        - Asai: People showing up is not necessarally a problem, understnad framing of "Open" Computing Facility
    - hexhu: Meeting feedback form, increased retention
- Vote for testing applications next semester for Staffers
    - BoD Verdict: Yes. 
#### Return of Families
- Reinstallation of families into OCF
    - Struggles to establish Families
        - Activity, membership, planning
        - Improvements: Limit families to ~2-3 from original 5
        - Tradeoff with family heads and reduction in work elsewhere in OCF
        - Initial launch of families with high member count, stress on heads
- Vote on Reinstallation of families next semester
    - BoD Verdict: Yes.

Meeting Adjourned at 21:00

Notetaker: kmo
