Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
bernardzhao
dphan
fydai
hexhu
jaw
kmo
ncberberi
ronitnath
snarain


Quorum for this meeting is 7

Meeting Started at 20:10

## Action Item Updates
Viewable at https://github.com/ocf/bod/projects/1.

- Upgrade to RT 5
    - > jaw will do this weekend.
- OCF x Facebook
    - > event delayed
- njha: Slack bridging to Matrix
    - **TL;DR: We need you to help find bugs: join #matrix-test on Slack, Matrix, IRC and/or Discord. Find something buggy or want to help? Drop that information [here](https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/lIPOiSPtSNCeRaBM1Y98qA?edit).**
    - Come back in a BoD or two to discuss whether we like the new bridges or not.

## Agenda
### Buysheet (ocf.io/buysheet)
- New items on buy sheet
    - >Once again, democracy has failed. 
- Re-review/recategorize buy sheet items
    - Buy sheet categories don't make much sense, we should give it a bit of thought when we remake the finance system
    - Apparently we [used to have better categories](https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~daradib/dl/ocf/finances/asuc/Space-12-13/OCF-Space-12-13.pdf) (scroll to bottom).

### Upcoming Industry Events:
- Hatch on Tuesday, 10-20 at 4pm
    - Have we gotten advertisement out?
    - Are we doing staff meeting, or are we cancelling like last time?
    - > Cancelling staff meeting like last week
    - > should send out a mass email
    - > reach out to ASUC (dphan)
    - > opstaff currently working on graphics and posts
    - > announcement has been made, and facebook event is up
- CockroachDB
    - > action: would like to know how many people showed up, getting a cloud recording of the meeting
- Blizzard: 11-9 at 4pm
    - > will talk about internship program (hard to find engineering recruiter)
- Facebook upcoming
    - > November 17th
    - > still havent found an engineer

### University Affairs updates
- Meeting with Eleanor:
    - Eleanor is still awaiting logs from UCPD
    - Door access audit has been submitted but will likely take a while
    - In terms of days to do regular maintenance, Saturday works best since Sunday has no professional staff
    - > Saturday works for jaw
    - Window still broke
- Presentation with ASUC Senate is next week on Wednesday at 8pm!
    - Will prob start on slides soon
- Inventory System
    - So that we can get insurance
    - Bahar was not supportive of taking inventory last time jaw contacted
    - Will send out an email draft

### Opstaff Meeting
- Opstaff projects are going well, I've seen some decent progress from a lot of projects.
- One of the opstaffers is no longer working, so we should probably do hiring next semester
    - > Hiring should be done next semester

### Committee Check-ins!
- kmo and I will reach out to committee heads soon just to check in and see how everyone's doing

### Comm-comm head election?
- Comm comm needs to be filled
    - > Ronit has expressed interest
    - > Send out a sign-up sheet / nomination form, do election next week

### Finance (ncberberi)

- RREG (Referendum Renewal Exploration Group) is currently working on a draft for a renewed and revised Student Tech Fund which will be voted on in the spring
	- Deadline for the draft is early November, RREG will be iterating over the draft for the next few weeks, meeting Fridays 9-10 AM
	- Any and all who are interested in sharing opinions on what a renewed STF should look like are encouraged to join (note that STF is a very important source of funding for the OCF)
- Black Lives Matter donation matching PR will not be approved, so either the matching donations (which have already been made) need to be reimbursed in some other way or another PR needs to be made that requests a check that directly donates to the organizations from misc funds
    - > How do we directly donate to an organization?
    - > How do we get ncberberi's money back?
    - > Misc funds are restricted? (concerning development)
    - > Any other contacts that help manage financial?
    - > dphan will contact Megan

### Guideline to get approval before irreversible action
- https://github.com/ocf/bod/blob/master/Permissions.md
- I propose a policy something like this:
- > If you are taking an irreversible action that requires a permission, get an approval first from someone else with that permission. If possible, that approval should be documented and in the open. If the action is possibly contentious and not time-sensitive, get more than one approval.
    - > Keep this as a general guideline, and remind people to keep this in mind
    - > Be a little easier on people when they screw this up plz
- This seems like it'd be applicable to stuff like sending emails, deleting data, filling out official forms, etc.
- > Action item: just put this on a document

### Last 10 Minutes
- Internal + Comm-comm will have meeting on Saturday, please stop by

Meeting Adjourned at 21:00

Notetaker: kmo
