Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
bernardzhao
dphan
hexhu
jaw
kmo
ncberberi
njha
ronitnath
snarain
ziyaoz

Quorum for this meeting is 8

Meeting Started at 20:10

## Action Item Updates
Viewable at https://github.com/ocf/bod/projects/1.

- Outreach Events
    - Check up on dates and make sure marketing/etc. get done on time
    - See below for event dates
- Guideline to get approval before irreversible action
    - Started a new document to expand common sense policy: https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/4NotpXpmTge9mnW0qU4lTA#

## Agenda

### Buysheet (ocf.io/buysheet)
- Anything new?
### Updates for the Blizzard event - Monday (bernardzhao)
- What still needs to be done?
    - Facebook Event & Announcement
    - Email members
    - Contact ASUC
- What can people do to help
    - Opstaff Graphics
    - Ronit assist
### University Affairs updates
- T-Shirts Logistics
    - The plan is to pick up the tshirts from cooperc on the weekend
    - We have an inventory of the past shirts we have
    - Can we set up a google form to see who wants shirts?
        - We'll need shipping address
- Communications
    - Liam showed us the CCO roster, where we can cc more people for comms
    - There's also a google form to submit social media through ASUC https://tinyurl.com/asucsocialmedia

### Kubernetes as a Service, continued
- BerkeleyTime reached out to the OCF, meeting this Friday
- How did this go? (jaw)
    - Set up cluster

### Opstaff Meeting
- Lab Decal: we can indeed use ASUC funds for this
    - Megan suggested that we instead use the Creative Lab, since they're in house, it will be easier to install with competitive prices
        - Still waiting on that contact from Megan
- Opstaff have been notified of the Blizzard event and are working on social media graphics for it
- kdr asked if she needs to attend a BoD meeting just to give updates
    - Yes.
- Some opstaffers are finishing up projects, and may need new tasks, any ideas?
    - People have just shifted to working on posters, which is fine, but for the people who don't wanna work on design, it'd be nice to have some stuff
    - One possibility is asking them to help out with inventory, but only the admin account works for the inventory tool
    - Create graphic assets for OCF services

### Internal Comm
- Alumni Resume Workshop
    - baisang and sahil agreed to help out
    - Have google forms been sent out yet?

### Channel reorganization for official OCF comms?
- Existing channel names can be unintuitive for a newcomer (#henlo, #rebuild)
- Proposed staff channels:
    - #experiments - (revival) suggest new projects
    - rename #rebuild to #tech/#infra? (controversial)
        - can also repurpose #rebuild to take on #experiments' role, create new channel for general technical disucssion
    - #local - near the OCF, local discussion
- New support channels
    - #support - general tech support
        - Start with #support channel, announce
    - #webhosting - web hosting support
    - #mailhosting - mail hosting support
    - #lab - in-lab comms (use channel to communicate lab ongoings)
- Help Desk & Entry on website directed towards the channel
- (other items here)

Meeting Adjourned at 21:00

Notetaker: kmo
