Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
bernardzhao
bencuan
dphan
ethanhs
hexhu
jaw
kmo
ncberberi

Quorum for this meeting is 7

Meeting Started at 20:10

## Action Item Updates
Viewable at https://github.com/ocf/bod/projects/1.

- Upgrade to RT 5 (done)
    - Thank you jaw for getting this set up!
- Outreach Events
    - Check up on dates and make sure marketing/etc. get done on time
    - See below for event dates
- Guideline to get approval before irreversible action
    - kmo will write something up and present it
- Ceph cluster parts
    - Wait and file a purchase order
    - Megan wants to mail back and confirm the list(?)

## Agenda

### Buysheet (ocf.io/buysheet)
- New items on the buysheet
- Finance PR Reminders -- remember to submit finance PR requests on CalLink and get them Stage 2'd if you've purchased something this semester
    - Hack Day prizes, etc.

### University Affairs updates
- BLM Donations
    - (clarify misc funds usage)
    - T-shirts have the go-ahead -- we should arrange our existing T-shirts to be sent out!
        - reach out to cooperc?
    - We also were able to get an inventory of past tshirt designs we currently have, pics to be uploaded later
        - Should consider putting these shirts up for sale too
        - Worth arranging a physical meeting
    - dphan will take lead on the BLM donation/t-shirt reimbursement
- Inventory?
    - Inventory was done!
        - Up to date
        - Add to spreadsheet and compile values
        - Reach out to dphan/jaw for helping out
    - We could probably use some help valuing items and consolidating them into a sheet
- Communications
    - Not getting through the email ._.
    - Next time we can use their Calendar system
    - Let's aim to get on social media next time

### Revisiting Communications Ban
- Vote in meeting
    - Verdict: Yea to BoD ban of nint.

### Kubernetes as a Service
- BerkeleyTime reached out to the OCF, meeting this Friday
- Join in on #kubernetes for more Kubernetes discussion
- How do people feel about this?

### Opstaff Meeting
- Opstaff projects are still chugging along. Some people are wrapping up projects and moving onto new ones
- Esther mocked up a design for an external lab decal (she wants to know what our budget is for something like this)
    - Contact MLK/SUFMO for Permission
    - Designer's Estimate: ~$400
    - Budget: ~$300 [Subject to Change]
        - Consider ASUC funds, will talk to mfox3
    - Suggestions:
        - Add more OCF branding/penguins!
        - A little EE sided
- Vivek unfortunately has stopped working, but was able to get his survey out 

### Internal Comm
- Alumni Resume Workshop
    - baisang agreed to help out
    - Have google forms been sent out yet?
- (other items here)


Meeting Adjourned at 21:00

Notetaker: kmo
