OCF Bod Meeting - 18 April 2001

BOD Members Present
Ajani       Bem Jones-Bey
Akopps      Akop Pogosian
Bac         Brett Cannon
Calman      Stephen Callahan
Ceugene     Eugene Chan
Cpfeyh      C. Patrick Feyh
Drew        Andrew Cheng
Fho         Frank Ho
Gmg	    Gabe M. Gonzalez
Jeffe       Jeff Emrich
Smcc        Stephen McCamant
Suztang     Soodtida Tangpraphaphorn

Others Present

Mwong       Melissa Wong
Tiv         Travis Reynolds

Meeting started at 18:17 PDT.  Minutes by Jeffe.

GM Report
Air Conditioning:
Electrical has been installed for the air conditioning.  

The Physics Guys: How much to charge for the physics conference?  A figure
of $5000 is kicked around.  It sounds fair.  The money will go into the
Misc. fund.

SM Report 
Sun wants the old Ultra 1 Mobos back.  Therefore Akopps will
speed up the timeline for the replacement.

Smcc has been working on fixing the scanner.  Smcc declares: "There is a
button on the front of the scanner labeled 'SCAN'.  Do NOT under any
circumstances push this button.  It will change the SCSI ID."

Users have been switching the labels on the machines.  Lame.

New Drivel
===========
Printing Problems:
It is decided that the signs in the lab declaring the 250 page printing
quota shall remain.  If people are over quota they should talk to the
PIMPs, and if they have a compelling reason, the PIMPs will usually let
them print more.

Interactions with the Users via E-Mail:
Calman the Tree-Hugging, Pinko vents for 15 minutes about how the users
bug him.  In the end, most agree that we should be more careful when
crafting e-mails to the users to avoid pissing off people.

General Meeting:
The next general meeting will be two weeks from this meeting.  It will
also be the last meeting of the semester.

New Bod Members:
Tiv and Mwong are added to BOD.
