OCF Bod Meeting - 11 April 2001

BOD Members Present
Ajani       Bem Jones-Bey
Akopps      Akop Pogosian
Bac         Brett Cannon
Calman      Stephen Callahan
Ceugene     Eugene Chan
Ivan        Ivan Jen
Jeffe       Jeff Emrich
Sasfaw      Samson Asfaw
Smcc        Stephen McCamant
Suztang     Soodtida Tangpraphaphorn
Wyc         Wayne Chan

Others Present
Cpfeyh      C. Patrick Feyh
Fho         Frank Ho

Meeting started at 18:30 PDT.  Minutes by Jeffe.

GM Report 
Gmg is not here right now, so Smcc is running the meeting.  
First item -- the budget.  The powers that be are complaining that our
budget is not itemized enough.  They want a breakdown of what new computer
parts we are going to buy.  Members of the BOD suggest that we simply list
all the parts we need by part number and part number only.

SM Report 
Akopps states that we now have a screwdriver (Phillips size 2)
that can be used to replace the Sun Ultra 1 boards.  We were mail-bombed
last week, but have recovered.  The new disks and SCSI boards Akopps
ordered have arrived with much fanfare.  We now have a new virtual host:
recycle.Berkeley.edu.

The only thing Smcc did was label the switch.  This then brings up a
discussion of label technology.  Smcc states that he prefers the paper
sign and scotch tape sign technology.  Akopps has been applying new signs
made with a labelmaker.  The merits of both are discussed, with the pros
and cons of each.  The new, glossy, lablemaker signs do not include IPs
because Akopps were lazy.

Old Business

The Microwave and Fridge in the OCF: 
Ivan and Suztang "like" them.  Akopps "frowns" on them.  Smcc calls them
"Food Preparation Equipment."  The SMs want the fridge moved out of the
server room.  Staff has been reluctant because they don't want users to
steal food.  At a previous meeting, it was decided that the fridge be lock
and this job was given to Drew.  Probably nothing will happen since Drew
does nothing but play Dance Dance Revolution (DDR) now-a-days.

Bem motions that when the "Comfy Chair" is moved out of the lab, then the
fridge will move the place that this aforementioned chair once occupied.  
Ivan seconds.  7 Yea, 2 Nay, 1 Abstain

Laptop Support.  Ajani motions to disallow connecting "random computers",
namely users' laptops, to the switch, and to configure a NAT box on one of
the Pentium Pros.  The motion passes 4 to 3, with the remaining BOD
members either not caring about this issue or having left 10 minutes ago
for a CS61a midterm.

What about the Microwave?  Ivan motions that when the fridge moves
outside, that is when the "Comfy Chair" is removed, and the fridge is
moved to the location of the "Comfy Chair," then the microwave will move
to the space once occupied by the fridge.  Jeffe seconds.  The issue dies
with no one voting yes, only Ajani voting no, and everyone else not
caring.  Ajani motions to table the microwave issue.  The motion passes.

New Business

New BOD members: Fho was added to the BOD and Cpfeyh was re-elected.

Ivan motions to close the meeting.  Seconded by Ceugene.  Meeting closed
at 19:05 PDT.
