7 February 2001  - BOD Meeting

Bod Members Present:
Akopps - Akop Pogosian
Bac - Brett Cannon
Calman -  Stephen Callahan
Ceugene - Eugene Chan
Drew  - Andrew Cheng
Gmg  - Gabe Gonzalez
Ivan  - Ivan Jen
Jeffe  - Jeff Emrich
Smcc  - Stephen McCamant
Stephhou - Stephanie Hou
Suztang - Soodtida Tangpraphaphorn
Wyc  - Wayne Chan

Others Present (Elected to BOD at the end of the meeting)
Nkang  - Nancy Kang
Sasfaw - Samson Asfam

Meeting started at 18:30 PST

Gm Report
The current room is reserved for the rest of the semester.  Hope you like
this room.

A portable A/C unit for the server room will cost ~$5000.  Ivan wonders if
the ASUC will complain because we were given a lot of money and now only
buying a small portable unit.  The best reason for getting a portable unit
is time constraints.  A built-in unit would probably take until the end of
summer to be installed.

Networking will be around $4,000.  We have money problems.

SM Report
- Apocalypse broke and replaced with Millennium.
- Tape drive broken, and ~$4000 for a new one.  Sources of funding are
discussed, but no real sources are found.  Donated tape drive, anyone?
- Duplexer broken.
- Typing print-acctforms will print under the "Staff" account.
- SMCC added mod_python to appease Mars 2020.  I'm sure BAC is happy about
this too.

Old Biz
Job Fair
Mostly waiting for replies from companies to see who will show up.

Printing
Yet again, people are dazzled by how much has been printed.  In one week,
about 2000 pages have been printed.  Rolling printing outages are brought
up.  As are daily quotas.  Both are quickly dismissed.  Calman wants to
sorry anyone who is a hozer.  But what defines a hozer?  Insert long,
winding discussion on how much people should be able to print, with Fascist
references to daily quotas.

New Biz
Local Storage of EECS Software
Should EECS's SWW be copied to OCF?  The BOD says a lot about this without
really saying anything.

What about Armageddon?
SMCC and AKOPPS have talked what to do with it, but haven't reached any
conclusion.  AKOPPS seems to want things to happen "later" while SMCC is
hoping for "sooner."  Disks on Death are "bad" so perhaps things should be
moved to Armageddon.

/opt/local/src Disk Shortages
As usual we have a shortage of disk space, while gobs of TDA space sits
idle.

Eek's Win 2000 Demerit System
Drew motions to table this idea.  Jeffe seconds.  A discussion starts on
Windows vs. *NIX.  SMCC's experience with a user confusing Open Windows and
MS Windows is brought up.  Calman states that Plague now looks great.  When
questioned how much of it works, he dances around the question.

OCF/CSUA Foodp
This is Kenao's brainchild, but since he is not here, this idea goes
nowhere.fast.really fast.

Election Computers
Student elections wants to rent/borrow computers for the election.  We are
really not equipped to handle such a request, so this idea dies quickly.

OCF Decal Class
Kenao and Jones are running the show.  But neither is present.  Ivan motions
to let the decal class take place in the lab.  BAC seconds.  The motion
passes.

New BOD Members
Sasfaw and Nkang are added to BOD.

Meeting closed at 19:05 PST
