Hey peoples,
Probably last set of minutes I'll be sending out for a while, if not
ever. Yay! Ahem, I mean... awww. Unless Mike flakes, that is.
~ Your ex-Secy and new GM,
Genevieve W.

*PS. New appointments are as follows:
OMG - remlluf
Secy - mkendall
PIMP - cardi

----------------------------------------

General Meeting - Fall 2008
09/11/2008

 
Meeting start - 7:24 PM
 
* Logins + Intros
- jameson
- Cardi
- Jchu
- Evisaacs
- Kwinterl
- Mgasidlo
- Benc (joshk's friend)
- Sluo
- Joseph (evisaacs' friend)
- Joshk
- Brandon (joshk's friend)
- Geo
- Sle
- Meithan 
- Gcwong
- Remlluf
- Mkendall
- Hora (transfer)
- Martex (eecs)
- Sanjay (no login)
- Alanw
- Jordan (freshman)
- Songs
- Gordeon 
- Akit
 
 
* OCF Move Update
- Geo: what is the OCF? Fullmer: What's its mission? + other random ridiculous questions
-- Gordon: check the website
- OCF has been moving from Heller to basement of Eshleman
- Fullmer: we've been working through the summer, with a few major delays like asbestos and budget. ASUC Auxiliary has decided to only fund half of cable installation, so there was more budgetary delay. But now funding has been found, so it's a matter of time, maybe two weeks - five weeks.
- ETA: End of October, start of November?
 
* Why join staff?
- Some perks - NOT more printing or discount at Student Store. 
 
* Elections
1) Faculty - motion for Brian Harvey, seconded. For: 17 Against: 0 Abstain: 8 
-- Motion passes
-Evisaacs and his friend leave.
2) General Manager 
- Nominations: kwinterl,  gcwong
- Votes: kwinterl (5), gcwong (14), abstain (1)
3) Site Manager
- Nominations: jchu, mgasidlo, kwinterl
- Votes: jchu (8), mgasidlo (10), kwinterl (3)
- Jchu drops out
- Mgasidlo appoints jchu co-SM.
4) Appoint Board of Directors
- Jameson, cardi, jchu, kwinterl, mgasidlo, alanw, sle, geo, mkendall, hora, sanjay, martex
- Geo motions to appoint all above to BoD, unanimous votes, motion passes. 
 
Motion to adjourn, seconded, passed. 
Meeting ends - 8:30 PM
