Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
fydai
jaw
kmo
ncberberi
njha
ronitnath
snarain

Guests in attendance:
davidchoiboy*
ziyaoz*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 7

Meeting Started at 20:10

# BoD Agenda for 2020-10-21

### Directors in attendance:
- [x] anddone
- [ ] asai
- [ ] bernardzhao
- [ ] dphan
- [ ] ethanhs
- [x] fydai
- [ ] hexhu
- [x] jaw
- [x] kmo
- [x] ncberberi
- [x] njha
- [x] ronitnath
- [x] snarain
- [x] ziyaoz*
- [x] davidchoiboy*

Guests marked with a * suffix were appointed to BoD.

## Action Item Updates
Viewable at https://github.com/ocf/bod/projects/1.

- Upgrade to RT 5 (stalled)
    - Just get this done in an interest group meeting?
- Outreach Events
    - Check up on dates and make sure marketing/etc. get done on time
    - See below for event dates
- Slack bridging to Matrix
    - Join matrix-test and provide feedback
- Guideline to get approval before irreversible action
    - kmo will write something up and present it next week

## Agenda

### Buysheet (ocf.io/buysheet)
- New items on the buysheet
- Update on BLM donation situation
- Finance PR Reminders -- remember to submit finance PR requests on CalLink and get them Stage 2'd if you've purchased something this semester
    - Hack Day prizes, etc.

### University Affairs updates

- BLM Donations
    - tldr: we can't reimburse donations, we can only make donations directly from our account (legal reasons, money laundering, etc.)
    - ncberberi requested refunds, but only managed to get one group to refund him
    - Possible alternative to reimburse is to sell t-shirts and use those funds to reimburse
        - Maybe we should make a group Venmo for t-shirts so one person doesn't have to be in charge of them
        - kmo: contact dphan about getting the T-shirts ready, logistics?
    - Another alternative is to maybe buy an Amazon gift card and give it ncberberi under the pretext of a raffle prize or something????
- Inventory?
    - Bahar responded today allowing us (2 people) to do inventory for one day.
    - Do we have an inventory system in place? How are we conducting this?
        - Need the inventory system?
    - Who will be volunteering?
        - dphan? ronit?
        - seems rather flexible
- Presentation with ASUC Senate is tonight!

### Opstaff Meeting
- opstaff feedback survey has been released to users!
    - This was vivek's project, and he managed to get it done before he quits!
- external lab deco has been mocked up
- sticker designs have been made, still need to be cleaned up
- Fun fact social media posts have started!
    - If you have fun facts to add, contact snarain
- Ronit thinks we should get the SEO
    - Get more content out for the Open Computing Facility
- Opstaff had their social last Friday

### Internal Comm
- Exciting events have dates:
    - Blizzard - Nov 9
    - Alumni Workshop - Nov 14 (new date!) -- snarain messaged bernardzhao on contacting alumni
        - ronit suggested having people submit resumes (anonymous/not anonymous)
    - Hack Day - Dec 5
        - wqnguyen will be leading again
- Staff presentation ideas running dry :( so we came up with ideas
- Staff socials
    - Sort of fell apart as time went along
    - jaw: merge staff meetings + staff socials = staff meeting socials!
    - Next staff social is the Halloween social
        - Should start marketing
    - Among Us socials drew in a lot of people in the past
        - ronit: Have an extended "recruiting" event that attracts those outside the OCF

### New OCF Badges
- njha set up a new badges platform at the OCF
    - https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/ICLWok3jQYSjslTfxb-Evw#
- URL: badges.ocf.berkeley.edu
    - it's been working for a few months but I just figured out how to do SAML
- kmo: combine this with new staff engagement
    - OCF Jumpstart: https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/LGaHCFw1TxWGd3wpn08D3Q#
    - Basically a way for new staff & members of the campus community to be rewarded for technical contributions around the OCF through badges
    - Can also reach out to other organizations on campus that align with the OCF

### Comm-comm head election! [nomination sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kx4GSwKa5NBRbV49jVW0l0WAU1PhLtq0ADTdejmbqkQ/edit#gid=0)
- Comm comm needs to be filled
- One nomination: ronitnath
- Ronit gives a speech

### New Kubernetes cluster
- Happened as of an hour ago

Meeting Adjourned at 21:01

Notetaker: kmo
