Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
bernardzhao
dphan
hexhu
jaw
kmo
nint
njha
ronitnath
snarain

Guests in attendance:
fydai*
mcint
rrchan
dkessler
ethanhs*
night
php
minos
shichenh
kuoh
quincyhuynh

Guests marked with a * suffix were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 7

Meeting Started at 20:10

## Action Item Updates
Viewable at https://github.com/ocf/bod/projects/1.

- Upgrade to RT 5
    - jaw: I am kind of swamped but this WILL happen
- OCF x Cockroach Labs
- OCF x Facebook
    - > will be delayed and happen after 9 Nov
- Add instructions on how to make a design doc
    - > not done yet
- njha: Slack bridging to Matrix
    - **TL;DR: We need you to help find bugs: join #matrix-test on Slack, Matrix, IRC and/or Discord. Find something buggy or want to help? Drop that information [here](https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/lIPOiSPtSNCeRaBM1Y98qA?edit).**
    - > poggers
    - Come back in a BoD or two to discuss whether we like the new bridges or not.

## Agenda

### Vote: Sign off on Ceph spec (jaw)
- https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/5OC7LQjkSEin4f0RPYyfnA
- Would like to assemble before November, rack before December
- Please vote and sign off on Ceph!
    - > the vote passes

### Internal Committee
- Should we have another hackday?
    - > yee
- Interest for Alumni Resume Workshop
    - > we have time to do this during a staff meeting slot
    - > who's responsible for this?
        - > bernardzhao is.
    - > might do this early Nov
- What approach do we want to take with interest groups?
    - There are ~ 15-20 people that filled out the get to know you form, but we haven't reached out to the majority of those people
        - > set a deadline for interest group heads

> mirrors. connection saturation, decal interference. More discussion another time.

### Opstaff Meeting
- Opstaff projects are making good progress, some have already been released for feedback
- Opstaff now have to fill out PRs for their stipends, but have been trained to do so now

### Social Discord
- The Social discord no longer has the #afterdark channel. Please note: everything you post needs to be suitible for minors to view.
- **If you have a dispute, reach out to GMs to arbitrate.**
    - This is common sense, but please refrain from posting/sharing NSFW content (text, Discord streams, images, etc.).
    - In general, NSFW content should not be posted/shared in any OCF affiliated communication platform or in the lab.
- **Suggestions for inclusivity**: creating official guidelines for communication at the OCF
    - Other organizations use code of conducts and social rules to codify acceptable behavior:
        - Social Rules: https://www.recurse.com/social-rules
        - Code of Conduct: https://www.recurse.com/code-of-conduct
- Staff Conduct at the OCF
    - Nint "declared" a grievance to kmo
    - Unacceptable repeated behavior brought up by multiple staff (current, alumni staff) from Nint
    - Discussion from this point on will be controlled -- please respect speaking time
    - Action Item: Future actions that the OCF will take
- Will check back in 3 weeks with Nint
    - Vote Pass 7-2 ban on Communications (Real Time Comms.)
> Nint left the call. We should email.
> Don't email me.
>
- What to do with the social discord?
    - Reorganization of moderating roles into OCF-owned
    - Let's add a rules channel, and make the rules clear
    - Solicit broad input
    - Look into creating roles for staff, (default) restricting channel 
    - Determining who owns Discord server
        - Options: OCF Account, Pass down from Alumni, Root grant access to staff/commities
        - Procedure for removing privileges



As communications head, I have worked to bring new members to the OCF, to transition from physical lab meetings to life in a digital space, and I have contributed to the weekly operations of the OCF by writing emails and announcements. I did this work because I believe there is value in having an open organization. I pushed hard for similarity_heuristic to be removed so the organization would be more inclusive. I've worked with internal on planning for events and with finance, where you can see many of the ideas I had as finance head last semester now implemented as new bylaws. I wouldn't have done this work if I didn't believe in it.

Thank you for the good times we had.



### Buysheet (ocf.io/buysheet)
- New items on buy sheet
- Re-review/recategorize buy sheet items
    - Buy sheet categories don't make much sense, we should give it a bit of thought when we remake the finance system
    - Apparently we [used to have better categories](https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~daradib/dl/ocf/finances/asuc/Space-12-13/OCF-Space-12-13.pdf) (scroll to bottom).

### Discuss HPC spec (jaw)
- GPUs are still an issue
- Specs still have to be done

### Guideline to get approval before irreversible action
- https://github.com/ocf/bod/blob/master/Permissions.md
- I propose a policy something like this:
- > If you are taking an irreversible action that requires a permission, get an approval first from someone else with that permission. If possible, that approval should be documented and in the open. If the action is possibly contentious and not time-sensitive, get more than one approval.
- This seems like it'd be applicable to stuff like sending emails, deleting data, filling out official forms, etc.

Meeting Adjourned at 00:55

Notetaker: jaw
