From cc-sec@cory.Berkeley.EDU  Tue Feb  6 17:07:35 1990
From: cc-sec@cory.Berkeley.EDU (Adam Glass)
To: ocf@ocf.berkeley.edu
Subject: minutes for 2/5/1990
Date: Tue, 06 Feb 90 17:07:37 PST


                   Minutes for the 2/5/1990 meeting
                                of the
                       Open Computing Facility
                          Board of Directors


Meeting convened at 7:20 in 1015 Evans due to CS prelims in 608-7.


Officers attending: Partha S. Banerjee
                    Case Larsen
                    Adam Glass


Directors Attending:
        Robert Cullmann
        George William Herbert
        Mark Hertlien
        Adrian Ho
        Adam Glass
        Peter Kimpl
        Boyd Montgomery
        Mike Brodhead
        Shelley Louie
        Drew Dean


Guests:
        Cimarron Taylor


On 2/5/90, the Open Computing Facility opened a checking account at
Wells Fargo.  Upon learning that the monthly fee was six dollars,
there was heated debate over whether or not we could afford it.  The
OCF treasurer maintained that we could, and was opposed by everyone.
It was agreed that the OCF treasurer would research this issue for
the next meeting.


Various BOD members donated money.

Cimarron Taylor from the Postgres group stated that they wanted a
group account to test the Postgres distribution.  Postgres paid the
appropriate fee.  He responded to disk space concerns by saying that
he didn't expect to actually port it, just test the distribution so
disk space would be temporary.  The account will be created as requested.


The Computer Science Undergraduate Association, represented on this
issue by Robert Cullmann asked if the OCF could lend the CSUA a
machine to replace Soda.berkeley.edu while its being repaired.
Various technical issues were discussed regarding the exact
configuration of such a machine.  Further investigation of this issue
will be complete for the next BOD meeting.

Robert Cullmann announced that Morgan Milligan of WSS had told him
that after the current OCF machines in the WSS were taken care of that
they would no longer be doing hardware support for the OCF.
Supposedly this means they won't ship machines for us.  He also said
that they wanted 'their' machine back.  It was argued that if they're
not going to do anything for us, then we shouldn't give it back to
them at all.  Even if we do, there was talk of ransacking it for parts
first.


It was announced that SR 10.2 of the apollo operating system arrived.
Case Larsen stated that he was waiting for backups to be done before
starting the upgrade.


The issue of charging for printer usage was debated and resolved.  It
was agreed that the OCF would install a system by which you would pay
x number of dollars for y number of pages printed starting in 3 weeks
assuming all relevant issues can be resolved.  An alias will be
installed for comments on this policy, along with a /etc/motd request
for comments.  These comments will be reviewed at the next BOD
meeting.  Also to be resolved are technical issues involving the quota
implementation and page counting.


The matter of typhoon's keyboard was discussed.  The three options
were disconnect the keyboard, monitor, etc, leave it in DM, or running
with X.  It was agreed that the machine would run DM but would have a
note on it saying "Do not use unless no other machines are available".

It was mentioned that a canine was in the OCF during the previous
week.  It was agreed that this problem is Web admin's.

It was mentioned that the OCF will be sending the George Herbert and
Adam Glass to the EJC meeting on Tuesday at 6 or 7pm.  Adam Glass has
just realized that he has lots of work to do and wonders if someone
could take his place.

Freeing disk space on the OCF was discussed.  Framemaker and others will go.

---

Minutes compiled by Adam Glass, flames to root@athena.berkeley.edu

