From cc-sec@cory.Berkeley.EDU  Thu Feb 15 10:28:10 1990
Date: Thu, 15 Feb 90 10:28:19 PST
From: cc-sec@cory.Berkeley.EDU (Adam Glass)
To: ocf@ocf.berkeley.edu


                   Minutes for the 2/12/1990 meeting
                                of the
                       Open Computing Facility
                          Board of Directors


Meeting convened around 7:20 after quorum was finally reached.


Officers attending: Case Larsen
                    Adam Glass


Directors Attending:
        Shelley Louie
        Adam Glass
        Mark Hertlien
        George William Herbert
        Adrian Ho
        Drew Dean
        Robert Cullman

Guests:
        Adam J. Richter
        Sam Shen


Comments sent to printer-comments@ocf were reviewed.  It was noted that while
all comments received up to this point  were positive, 5 comments does not
a consensus make.

The actual cost of a recharged printer cartridge was discussed.  It was placed
at $45 assuming a used cartridge in return.  This figures well with the $3.00
to $4.00 per 100 prints estimated by the board.  Further information needs
to be gathered about the price of paper.

It was agreed that someone should go meet Harvey and ask him to check up on
the legality of the OCF printer supply charge.  Adam Glass and Robert Cullman
volunteered to handle this.

The OCF treasurer, Adam Glass suggested that a printer czar would be
necessary eventually to handle the logistics of running the printers
under this system.  Various proposals were heard on how to handle
printer money...cash, checks only, where would it go?

It was agreed that the OCF tutorials would occur this Saturday at
12pm, and that at the next BOD meeting we would agree on a new time
and day for them.  Directors were assigned departments to distribute
OCF tutorial info to.  The assignments were as follows:

        Drew Dean       Rhetoric
        Marc Hertlien   Physics
        Adam Glass      Business Administration
        Adrian Ho       Music
        Robert Cullman  Economics
        Case Larsen     English


...A mid-week update to OCF issues will be mailed later today.

---
Minutes compiled by Adam Glass, flames to root@athena.berkeley.edu


