{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Sexy BitchesofDoom Minutes February 24\
Sanjay isn't here, but magical notes have appeared:\
\
******* TL;DR************************\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 "Group work in the OCF days." \
\
Friday 2-25 10pm. Be there! Rawr! \
***************************************\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
In attendance:  \
(Key: * means on BoD)\
\
ben benortiz *\
felix waf *\
sherry sherryg *\
aaron amloessb\
adam anriser *\
james rcsa\
michael mwilliams *\
dara daradib *\
tirumari tirumari\
han hanwei *\
samantha doves\
kenny kedo *\
kevin kfang *\
\
Agenda:\
\
0. RCSA + dealing with security vulnerabilities\
1. buying a new printer \
2. Printing Quotas Issue\
3. Network Switches\
4. Tabling on Sproul\
5. Reinstituting Patch Days\
6. Kevin G (appleorchard sysadmin) tech-talk\
7. changing meeting time\
8. aaron awesomeness\
9. Mysterious Donor\
10. Felix on BoD\
11. Keys\
\
0. \
On the account RCSA, there was an html file on the older portion of the website that had the password in the html part of a php file from oct 2009 that had ended up in the public file. It was clear from observing the commands they ran that it was real human attackers. Through the compromised RCSA account they used DOS attacks on the campus itself. We disabled their account in the middle of a session and retrieved their bash history. Thank god for Sanjay, because the scripts they ran were exactly the things Sanjay had run, hacked into the OCF with, and then promptly fixed.\
\
john kim (campus rep) says:\
"sorry for late notice but familiy obligation came up and i cant attend meeting. please give us an update on your conclusion. we believe this instance may be part of ongoing attack against foreign governments. "\
\
moving forward: look over with campus the files-- see what we can determine about attack and see if we can do anything about it. limited to one account-- not a security breach. solution: create and approve a new account. RCSA will have to rewrite their site from scratch. We will run a check to ensure same password is not set up.\
There weren't any actual softwarevulnerabilities-- we looked for this.\
\
Should we make bash historys append only or read only so that it cannot be deleted by its user? Ethical dillemma. Should we have a policy for their history?\
Group decision:  no-- it's the user's private information. \
\
Felix has created for James a new RCSA account. \
\
\
1. printer\
\
First off, we're printing postscript directly from the printer now. (Before we were printing pcl from the windows machines, passing onto supernova, which is then passed on. That process of creating and going to pcl takes a long time.)\
\
Poll. Do we need a new printer?\
\
We have 3 backup printers. On the other hand, HPnzerox is hard to deal with. However, we just switched the system we're using and want to see how it works.\
Solution: table this issue and check in next BoD. \
\
Options:  Same one as last time: HP Printer. Cost: $2,821.11\
\
2. Printing Quotas Issue\
\
CUBS segfaulted over the weekend and all users' quotas were reverted to last semester december, i.e. they were overwritten. (They were restored from Anthrax.) \
Note: let's not store all quotas locally next time. \
Dara: We could do it on a case by case basis, since quotas are arbitrary, we could give people 200 pages. \
Debate:  250? 200? none? 175?\
Stats: sofar, we've spent 1900 on paper and toners. \
Solution: manually set everyone's printer quota to 175.\
\
Sherry: motion to grant 175 pages of quote to every user.\
Kevin: Seconded. \
\
But how?\
\
Dara: motion to clear out current database so no one's in our system. when they start printing, their quota will become 175. we will make a blog post and make it MoD. \
Kevin and Adam: Seconded.\
Ben abstains.\
8 BoD members are in favor. \
Motion passes. \
Dara has agreed to take this on. Implementation method:  \
\
3. Netsplit1 ..fiberoptic.. gigabit switch.. ... ... context words are contexty. \
One of our machines/switches seems to be having problems-- it happens to be the one that all of ocf depends on. it's the one connected to the gateway, and all machines go through it to get to the gateway. Yet another single point of failure has failed. \
\
current version: catalyst 3550 cisco. \
\
a new 10 port switch board is about $550. \
\
Han:  can we buy a backup for future? \
*crickets*\
\
Dara: motion to allocate $550 in sofar unused funds for a new gigabitwhatevershit.\
Sherry and Kevin Second this.\
Unanimous approval.\
\
4. Tabling on Sproul\
\
The purpose is to increase awareness about the ocf. Also, more users means we can ask ASUC for more money.\
\
*crickets chirp*\
cricket.\
cricket.\
\
5. Implementing Patch Day\
\
"Group work in the OCF days." \
\
Friday 2-25 10pm. Be there! Rawr! \
This is the first of many.\
\
6. Kevin M. Coming to Speak\
\
Are we interested in this?\
SysAdmin for AppleOrchard aka Sutarja Dai. \
 Talk about how he runs his stuff? More specific? \
\
Let's do lunch. or dinner. linner. \
\
7.  Changing meeting time\
\
Han: motion to start a doodle\
Adam: seconded.\
\
Sherry will send out a doodle.\
\
8. aaron is awesome at writing wikis and tutorials. yay! welcome!\
if you have anything you want to write up, just write notes down, send it over to aaron, and he will translate it into sheer awesomeness. He moderates and also does notifications. \
\
9. Mysterious Donor AKA Crazy Russian Guy\
firewalls... Dara is in email contact with this dude. (his name is Nick.)\
\
10. Felix\
\
Sherry: motion to add felix on BoD without laptop.\
Everyone: seconded. \
\
11. Keys\
\
Situation. (lawlz read your emailz!) Jk-- I will tell you here.\
\
Currently Sanjay, Felix, Sherry, and Jordan have keys. There's a backlog of key assignments-- if you wanted keys now, you probably wouldn't get them until may. We're going to install a lockbox-- but someone will have to donate their keys. \
\
We ought to reorganize bureaucracy of who gets keys. Whoever goes in the server room should be up to date on emails. \
\
Since Jordan isn't here, we're picking on him. Jordan's keys are going in the lockbox. He has keycard access, and will have the code to the lockbox. Therefore, he will always have access, with the added benefit  of not being able to lose them while walking or leave them at home.\
\
Meeting adjourned at 8:19pm. }