Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
bencuan
bernardzhao
bzh
cooperc
davidchoiboy
dphan
evangong
khen
kmo
minos
ncberberi
nint
php
snarain

Guests in attendance:
asai*
fydai*
rayh*
rrchan*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 13

Meeting Started at 19:16

ACL is for access to the lab/server/storage room (important especially for special circumstances like holidays), we currently have 2 access designations we use, we can potentially spend money for a third

Minos: ACL for staffers is like giving root (since it's giving access to our physical servers)
so we should be careful with it

Two ACLS would need <10 staffers having access to server room

Dphan: New staffers should have access to the lab but not necessarily server room access

Bernard: Third ACL is about liability, for example cases if an opstaff breaks something

An example of 3 ACLs - opstaff, staff, people with root

php: we shouldn't put very new staff on there (because people will come and go); people who stick around for a semester or two could, but a third ACL wouldn't necessarily be necessary

BoD votes to approve money for a third ACL but the details on what we will do with it will be decided on later 

---

Bernard: Regarding a retreat, there is consensus that we want to do something like this, but there is not a consensus on how we would go about doing it.

Use the misc funds for an AirBnB and the rest of the funds paid for by the people going to the retreat.

AirBnB would be about $1000 and it doesn't seem to be cancelable.

Dphan: There are a lot of other factors that need to be considered like when and how transportation will work before we commit $1000.

We should send out a google form for interest and for getting drivers (we will need a number of drivers)

php: It's not a good idea to spend a huge chunk of misc funds when we don't have plans of replenishing it. We should figure how much it's going to cost before we start making any kind of commitments.

Right now misc funds has about $1600 (actually, it is now $1200 after t-shirts). And we have no real cash flow to replenish it.

cooperc: It doesn't make sense to spend this large amount of money on a retreat, some alumni would be opposed to making future donations if we spent our money on this kind of retreat. The people who go on the retreat should pay for it. For staffers whom this would be difficult financially, we could arrange to subsidize the cost for them specifically.

Bernard: Retreat planning is not something that one person should do on their own, other clubs have a whole bunch of people dedicated to planning one. It's unfair to ask Daniel to set this all up by himself. And if we want to make this possible we need to work together for it. And because this is coming out of misc funds, everyone's opinions on how we should manage the fund comes out. The approval of how we should use it differs a lot by each case and by each person. This is kind of an unexplored possibilities (as opposed to using misc funds for a sum of many dinners).

Daniel: We should look into how much we spend on misc funds per year (how much goes in, how much goes out, etc.) to see how much we can expect to spend per year.

php: Misc funds was historically very small and we shouldn't expect to have a lot to spend from it. There were also some periods when we haven't been spending misc funds at all. Alumni wanted us to start spending misc funds but now we're spending a lot of money all at once.

(we will continue this conversation either next week or on an rt ticket)

---

Sean's item: TPU tensor processing unit, it's what Google uses for deep learning. This would be used for very limited applications for the HPC network. But they're $35 each so very cheap, we can buy two and perhaps expand them later.
(BoD votes to approve this item)

Desk lamp, $90 each, 5 of them, it has wireless charging
(BoD votes to approve this item)

HPC purchase approved by BoD because ABSA is due Friday and we need to spend the money we have been previously allocated

Paper clips and thermal paste approved

---

T-shirt order is coming next week

New TV got installed in the lab

Internal decor: need poster and other design suggestions. Linux posters are low effort high reward, any and all ideas will be appreciated

The bookshelf does not belong to blue and gold, it's getting thrown out

Next bod will be by ben and kmo since Bernard and Dphan have a midterm at that time

Nobody (outside of BoD) showed up for staff meeting (coronavirus??) -- we didn't send out an email or facebook announcement or anything, cooperc says this is a failure on our part

Meeting Adjourned at 20:11

Notetaker: ncberberi
