Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
andylo
ahujaabhik
bencuan
bernardzhao
bzh
cooperc
dphan
hexhu
jaw
kmo
ncberberi
nint
php
rminjy
shein
snarain

Guests in attendance:
gundralaa
wqnguyen

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 14

Meeting Started at 19:12

* <RT NUMBER>: <TOPIC>

Meeting Adjourned at 20:06

Notetaker: bernardzhao

Buysheet:
Kuoh's buysheet item got cleaned when it should have last week.
Jaws is getting a new motherboard. It will finally fix the server hooray. Allocating $400 for it.
Rasberry Pi 4 for Printlist project - replace Rasberry Pi 1 since its slow asf. Along with cables for allocation and a micro SD card for the HDD. $65 + $7 for the whole package.
AMD Chan stickers got approved. OMFG
Security Key Hackday raffle prize for ncberberi approved.
Airfilter - Minos put on the wrong item, a replacement instead.
Hackday items reimbursed.

Congrats on interal for a succesful Hackday - got some new volunteers
Liam Will meeting - Student Resources tabling
Opstaff meeting - hashed out projects and we need more posters

People on the interest form want to work in groups, how do we satisfy this? Interest groups is the idea that cooperc is considering. Debate over the difference between this and Dkess's old project groups.
Debate over how exactly these groups should be set up: assignment vs volunteering?
Debate also over how deeply initial staff guidance should go as far as involving newer staff and keep people working on projects.
Lot of discussion on this -> Wednesday's internal meeting.

As we have heard many a time, we really need an onboarding page.
T-Shirt interest form reiterated, but not sure how effective that was.
Storage policy brought up again - clearing out people's old stuff. Again not very popular with current staff.
ocf.io/s/interests
ATDP MOU got cleared

