Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
asai
bencuan
bernardzhao
bzh
cooperc
dphan
fydai
jaw
kmo
minos
ncberberi
nint
njha
php
snarain
wqnguyen

Guests in attendance:
rachy*
rrchan*
dwc

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 9

Meeting Started at 19:15


Stuff that happened:
- DeCal signed off! Congrats to kmo, bencuan, and exiang!
- Interest group meetings have been going well, thanks to php and
  everyone else for their work.
- Matrix has some bridging now. (dphan does not know what matrix is.)


GM speeches:
dphan (paraphrased):
Due to COVID-19, GMship has not been fully fulfilled.  From being GM, I have
context and experience.  Another semester would be good to pass on experience
and continue implementing those ideas.  I want to run with kmo, as he's also a
good fit.
Q asai: What are the biggest things to focus on?
A: There have been difficulties implementing specific committees.  More focus
and clarity on committees and clear responsilibites are needed.  Staff meetings
should continue to be improved.
Q asai: How are you going to handle spending disparities with current funding?
A: We need to train finance heads better so that we can keep track of this better

kmo (paraphrased):
OCF is a safe community to me, and I want to extend this to the broader Berkeley
community, especially given the uncertainty with the COVID-19 crisis.
Q dphan: What is your plan for handling staff engagements?
A: We need more internal tools to keep new staffers from feeling left out.
Q cooperc: If you are elected as GM, will you continue as decal head?
A: I'll drop decal, but will still help as much as I can.
Q asai: Do you feel comfortable working with entities outside the org?
A: It's new to me but I want to work on it.

snarain (paraphrase):
I came to OCF in the fall as a first semester freshman.  I'd like to focus on
recruitment.  Making things more accessible to new staff is a big goal.
Consistent remote staff meetings will also help with engagements.  Rewriting
staffdocs to be more extensive and make it easier to get involved is also a big
goal.
Q asai: What's your background in working with our partner orgs (like the LEAD
center)?
A: I haven't worked a lot with orgs outside.  Since taking over communications
committee, I have started learning about how these things work and will keep
working on it.

wqnguyen (paraphrased):
It's only my first semester at the OCF, so I'd like to rescind my nominations.

njha (paraphrased):
I'm Nikhil. I'm a big open source person and have experience in Fedora and a
personal Docker swarm.  I want to work on documentation, and I've been working
on creating documentation through GitHub issues. I enjoy writing documentation!
Q php: That was a good SM speech, but what do you want to do as GM?
A: I think I can increase participation. I floated badges earlier and we should
have more discussions.
Q asai: Can you describe a new service that we could provide to OCF users?
A: I haven't thought of anything in particular, but I am excited about Matrix.

bencuan (paraphrased):
Given kmo is running, I think I'd like to stick with decal for the next
semester. Don't vote for me!

Results:
dphan + kmo: 10
snarain: 1
snarain + kmo: 2
njha + kmo: 2
All other tickets: 0


SM speeches:
jaw (paraphrased):
I'm co-SM this semester.  There were some things we didn't achieve this
semester.  Hydra and Atlas have not moved much.  Interest groups have be good,
thanks to php and kmo for the help.  We should also make sure services remain
accessible as we go partially remote.  We can continue pushing projets,
especially Atlas.  I understand if you want to vote for someone else for this
position that might be able to pop off more, but I'll keep working on OCF stuff
regardless.
Q asai: What new hardware should we get?
A: We have planned: new hypervisor, ceph storage node, new HPC node
Q bernardzhao: Do i have a question? Oh, you already answered it, never mind.
Q minos: COVID-19 will continue to be an issue. How will you address challenges
with in-person gatherings?
A: We should aim to minimize in-person meetings and listen to SUFMO
guidelines. We can think more about this over summer.

wqnguyen does not speak.

fydai (paraphrased):
COVID-19 caused my productivity to drop off a cliff. However, in summer and
fall, I will have a lot of time to do stuff.  I want to overhaul communication.
Right now, people work independently, submit a PR and one person reviews. We
should expand technical collaboration and that will help us get more things
done.
Q jaw: Are you saying we should improve communication, improve consensus, or
improve technical culture?
A: It's the technical culture of communication and consensus.
Q jaw: What are the barriers to participation?
A: It's too hard to get started.  Working on puppet requires root.  There is no
documentation on architecture.

snarain:
Retracts nomination for SM

njha (paraphrased):
php was right in saying that my GM speech covered SM.  Documentation is
important!
Q cooperc: Since you're new, how do you plan on getting a grip on the codebase?
A: Well, everything is public.  If you spend enough time looking at it, you can
figure it out.  I also have prior experience.

Results:
njha + jaw: 4
fydai + jaw: 9


Committee nominations:
Internal
- nint nominates njha; no second
+ php nominates njha and snarain; nint seconds; both accept
+ kmo nominates njha and wqnguyen; cooperc seconds; both accept
+ bernardzhao nominates snarain and wqnguyen; jaw seconds; both accept

DeCal
- cooperc nominates bencuan and bzh; no second
+ benardzhao nominates bencuan and bernardzhao; wqnguyen seconds; both accept
+ kmo nominates bencuan, bernardzhao, and njha; wqnguyen seconds; both accept

Communication
+ php nominates snarain and njha; cooperc seconds; both accept
- rachy suggests and wqnguyen nominates nint and kmo; kmo rejects
- bernardzhao nominates nint and njha; php seconds; nint rejects
- bernardzhao nominates nint; no second; nint rejects
+ wqnguyen nominates snarain and nint; php seconds; both accept

Finance
+ bernardzhao nominates ncberberi; jaw seconds; ncberberi accepts
- php nominates ncberberi and bzh; bzh rejects
- cooperc nominates ncberberi and nint; php seconds; nint rejects
- nint nominates ncberberi and rrchan; php seconds; rrchan rejects

Industrial/Alumni Outreach
* cooperc nominates asai; jaw seconds; waiting on asai
* kmo nominates asai and rrchan; jaw seconds; rrchan accepts; waiting on asai
- cooperc nominates asai and bernardzhao; bernardzhao rejects
+ dphan nominates bernardzhao; snarain seconds; bernardzhao accepts


Meeting Adjourned at 20:43

Notetaker: cooperc
