Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
asai
bencuan
bernardzhao
bzh
cooperc
dphan
fydai
jaw
kmo
minos
ncberberi
nint
njha
php
rrchan
snarain
wqnguyen

Guests in attendance:
hexhu
mdcha

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 9

Meeting Started at 19:10

Stuff that happened:
- Matrix! Join at chat.ocf.berkeley.edu.
- DeCal got an updated reading list.  It's close to being ready to submit now.
- Interest group meetings are still happening.  Show up!
- Alumni social was POPPIN'.  Thank you to snarain for setting it up!  We should
  do it more often.
- OCF has been built in Blockeley (campus rebuilt in Minecraft).  Some people
  are also helping with server ops.

Discussion:
- EARN IT petition: This bill sucks.  It is supposed to _protect the children_,
  but it is likely to do a poor job of that and do an unfortunately good job
  silencing marginalized communities (like LGBTQ+ ppl).  The bill also may allow
  a path toward encryption backdoors, which is terrifying from a security
  perspective.
  - mdcha wants us to approve a letter from the OCF to our federal
    congresspeople asking them to reject this bill.  The vote passes.
  - The letter is at https://docs.google.com/document/d/157R-8TD4Obp6szI7SroZt5IYzQC9lOSu0pLb5tkswU0/edit.
- Automatic group account creation: This is PR ocfweb#591.  Historically we have
  intentionally not encouraged group accounts to be created remotely, because we
  want groups to have a concrete point of contact with us.
  - With everything online right now, we aren't getting any point of contact
    anyway.  The restriction really doesn't make a lot of sense right now.
  - Seems like this PR is okay to merge, at least for now.  BoD votes to approve
    the PR.
- Logging outbound requests from death: This would help us deal with user
  compromises much more easily.
  - We can add a doc to ocfweb, sort of like a privacy policy, but descriptive
    rather than perscriptive.
  - BoD votes to approve outbound logging of TCP requests to non-OCF hosts,
    specifically logging destination IPs and UIDs. We will also work on a page
    in docs that describes private information we collect.
- Google Analytics in ocfweb: No one is using it, and it's violating user
  privacy.  Everyone thinks it should be removed.
  - This is ocfweb#593.
  - BoD votes to remove it.

Committee election speeches:
wqnguyen (paraphrased):
Hi, I'm Wilson.  I'm fairly new.  I started working on things a week before hack
day, and found hack day really interesting.  I want to encourage staff to work
on projects.  I have mostly worked on printlist and enforcer.  I want to work on
other projects and introduce more projects relating to opstaff.
Q cooperc: How do your ideas tie into internal?
A: Project diversity lowers barrier to entry.
Q php: How would you work on retention of new and old staffers?
A: Assigning issues can help.  Nudging people into specific tasks can help a lot.
Q php: How can you improve things internal has been working on so far?
A: We should talk more about these kind of things. It might be easier for people
to talk in DMs rather than putting everything out in the open.

snarain (paraphrased):
I'm snarain.  I joined OCF at the beginning of my freshman year.  It was really
daunting, but I slowly got to know more people.  Weekly socials have helped with
engagement.  We're likely have to fewer newstaff with COVID, so we need to look
at new ways of getting our name out.  We should continue with more formal and
informal socials.
Q cooperc: What committees are you runinng for?
A: Internal and Communications.  For Communications, we should continue with
emails, and remind people for BoD.
Q php: How would you reach outside the OCF as communications head?
A: Social media can be more effective, especially using the public page.  We can
also use the class pages.

njha (paraphrased):
I'm njha.  I'm running for Internal and DeCal.  (Consider my Communications
ticket dropped.)  I am most interested in Internal.  I think we need to document
things and make things more accessible.  This is the most important thing for
Internal.
Q cooperc: Why do you want to be a DeCal head?
A: I think I should be on DeCal, I enjoy teaching.  I want to help with this
although I don't have too much to say about qualifications.
Q php: Regarding current projects, what do you like and what would you change?
A: Documentation is out of date, which is a big problem.  Want to solve that
first and see where that leads.

rrchan (paraphrased):
I have no industry contacts or experience with alumni relations.  Don't vote for
me unless no one wants it, but I will do it if you vote for me.
Q rrchan: How are we gonna do industry/alumni events if we are online?
A: I will send out emails and we'll figure something out, I guess.  I don't
really know.

bernardzhao (paraphrased):
I have thoughts about industry/alumni.  I don't really want to do it but I don't
think anyone else will make the changes that I think are necessary.  The
committee needs more re-evaluation and work toward being online.  That will be a
challenge no matter who is head.
Q kmo: Would you prefer DeCal or Alumni?
A: If I do DeCal, my primary job will be logistical.  I want bencuan and njha to
take the lead. I will be helpful given experience and context.  I want to leave
direction of DeCal to the other heads.

asai:
I'm inting.

ncberberi (paraphrased):
Hi, I'm ncberberi.  I'm running unopposed for Finance so it doesn't really
matter what I say.  I know there are a lot of good ideas for how to change
Finance.  I'm ready to support whatever BoD decides is best.  I'll continue
stuff with STF RREG as well.
Q cooperc: How are you so amazing?
A bernardzhao: It's his hair.
A nint: He's powered by Cafe 3.

nint:
I'm also unopposed, but I'll write emails.
Q cooperc: What are you running for?
A: Communications.
Q dphan: Would you still be interested in helping with Finance?
A: Yeah, sure.
Q php: What would you do to enhance communications?
A: What if we posted on class Piazzas.

bencuan (paraphrased):
I'm Ben.  I've been around OCF for about a year.  I'm currently DeCal head.
Glad it's happening at least!  I have a lot of ideas for the DeCal.  Based on
data from the past, there are a lot of minor improvements to make.
Q kmo: Can we do something to improve on the DeCal over the summer?
A: Yeah, I want to do a lot of work over the summer fixing things.
Q cooperc: How do you want to split up work between heads/facilitators?
A: We should continue splitting up lectures among facilitators.  We should
consider changing how labs work to make sure that they are more relevant to the
lecture and graded on time.  Facilitators can focus more on lectures.
Q dphan: If Fall is online, what are we gonna do?
A: We've been talking about webcasting, and it's a goal regardless if we are
fully online.  This is a good opportunity to do that no matter what.

Committee election results:

Internal:
njha/snarain 5
njha/wqnguyen 4
wqnguyen/snarain 5

Alumni and Industry Affairs
asai/rrchan 3
bernardzhao 11

Finance
ncberberi 14

Communications
snarain/njha 0
nint/njha 2
snarain/nint 12

DeCal
bencuan/bernardzhao 0
bencuan/bernardzhao/njha 14

There is a runoff for Internal:
njha/snarain 5
wqnguyen/snarain 9

Semester recap
(You can read bernardzhao's braindump on the agenda: ocf.io/s/bod/agenda/2020-05-04)
- Committee goals: want to reflect back on what we've accomplished
  - GM
    > has done pretty well
    > Being a GM is getting easier, as committees are really starting to step.
    > Could do a better job in making University Affairs transparent.
  - Internal
    > It did A LOT.  Good stuff.  Big thanks to php and kmo.
    > Internal is the shining star of the committee system.
    > This will continue to be a very important committee.
    > Maybe Internal is actually doing too much???
  - Industrial/Alumni Relations
    > We did the best we could given the circumstances this semester.
    > Thanks for inting, asai.
    > This committee might need a little bit of tweaking.  For instance, alumni
      relations is mostly communication.
  - Communications
    > This was bumpy given rachy's resignation, but snarain stepped up.
    > Really turned out well, Bernard is glad the committee continues working on
      it.
  - Finance
    > RREG has been popping, ncberberi and dphan are seriously GOATs for getting
      all this done.
    > This committee could do more
  - DeCal
    > Hopefully the DeCal will happen again in the fall, thank god.
    > Next semester may be pivotal, given the opportunity to get everything
      online.
    > DeCal should be less siloed, especially given all the knowledge OCF people
      have on these topics.
  - SM
    > bernardzhao thinks SM's handled things nicely.
    > cooperc thanks jaw for all the hard work especially during isolation.
- Opstaff:  We hired succesfully. Elle is on top of things and that was super smooth.
- Overall, we had a great semester given COVID and everything.
- If there's anything to take away, the committee system has matured and just
  needs tweaking at this point.  Administratively, things are going really well
  although bernardzhao doesn't think he actually did anything to improve it.
- Finances planning
  - We need better organization-level planning.  Generally, we're not good at
    keeping track of things on the long term, especially finances.
  - We waste a lot of time in BoD, and we don't plan out budgets well.  We
    should give committees budgets that they can use without BoD approval.
  - Big purchases should still have BoD approval, like technical expenditures.
  - Does this need bylaws update?  If BoD approves the budget at the beginning
    of the semester we might not need to update anything.  Having it in bylaws
    would probably make more sense though, given that we may want to put
    restrictions on how money can be spent.
  - We should figure out the details over summer and aprpove this first meeting
    next semester.
  - It seems like this move is not really that controversial in general.
  - We should still have transparency when things are bought with the rest of
    BoD to avoid people bending the rules.

Coming up:
- ATDP meeting soon, you're encouraged to attend if you're interested.
- If you're in leadership right now, follow nint's example and give a little bit
  of retrospective and opinions on what to improve on in the future.

By bylaw #16, as of midnight the membership of BoD is as follows:
bencuan
bernardzhao
bzh
dphan
fydai
hexhu
jaw
kmo
minos
ncberberi
nint
njha
rrchan
snarain
wqnguyen

These Directors have confirmed their ability to serve as a Director during the
following Fall semester.

Meeting Adjourned at 20:57

Notetaker: cooperc
