Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
bencuan
bzh
cooperc
dphan
fydai
hexhu
kmo
minos
nint
php
snarain

Guests in attendance:
hyoshida*
jaw*
rihu*
kuoh

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 9

Meeting Started at 19:25

Buysheet:
- popcorn: table as lab is closed
- Spare RAM for desktops
  - destruction is low
  - vote passes
- Hand sanitizer
  - we are low
  - it's really expensive
- Pens: approved as operational expenses
- Yubikeys:
  - will be required for sudo
  - should we buy 10 or 20?
    - 20 people on rootstaff
    - some people probably already hvae yubikeys
  - When will this be mandatory?
    - when everyone is enrolled
  - approved

ASUC Senate presentation:
- went well, but boring

T-Shirts are here!

RT#9840: OCF resiliency planning
- How are we distributing t-shirts?
  - If we can get the t-shirts out of lab, we can try to
    distribute them in a resonable way.
  - If we can get back into lab, we'll just send out an
    announcement and do it like normal
- Supporting staff without in-person interaction??????
  - Mentors need to check in with their mentees
    - Mentors could probably use some more support too
  - Project groups???
    - Didn't really happen
    - We should get these going
- Staff socials
  - We can move some things remote
  - How do we keep every social from just being CS:GO and
    and Krunker?
- PLEASE REPLY TO THE RT TICKET

Opstaff applications are out! ocf.io/hiring

Communications:
- We're in violation of the constitution right now?
- We should get nominations
- snarain is nominated and accepted
- There will be open nominations for the position
  - Closes 48 before next BoD

Planned downtime/UPS:
- We should avoid doing

Regular lab cleanup

Meeting Adjourned at 20:19

Notetaker: cooperc
