Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
ahujaabhik
andylo
asai
bencuan
bernardzhao
bzh
cooperc
dphan
exiang
fydai
hexhu
jaw
kmo
minos
ncberberi
nint
php
snarain

Guests in attendance:
huzheyuan*
rminjy*
rmxu*
shein*
vio*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 13

Meeting Started at 19:13

Staff Hours:
Extreme emphasis on SIGN UP FOR STAFF HOURS! It's a great opportunity to get involved.

SUFMO:
Eleanor has some action points
 - (see subnote) Order some more chairs (takes too long to get new chairs through school)
 	- Never mind. Minos got them approved
 	- side note: newstaff don't know that they can add stuff to buysheets
 - Who is going to get holiday access? (~10 ppl)
 	- New keycard procedure: become CalLink member and fill out form for general access
 - Ewaste: clean up all the old junk we have and schedule an ewaste pickup to get rid of it
 	- cooperc: We need better storage management (figure out whose stuff is where and if we can move it)
 - Change up the middle pillar to look really nice
 	- vio is offering to laser cut stuff
 - TV installation: payment resolution. TV is currently in storage room and probably will be for a while

ASUC Meeting:
 - They are more focused on charter programs as a whole, not only for OCF
 - We're not sure what we want the ASUC to do for us

Upcoming:
 - Hackday (Saturday 2/8)
	- We want a way for both new and veteran staffers to socialize and get stuff done at the same time
	- LAN party? php+kmo are working on logistics
	- Invite all staff to get started on OCF-related project work
	- We need a way to let people know which projects are the most relevant

ATDP MOU:
 - Making minor changes to contract
 - During weeks with holidays, we should grant them full access
 - asai: We need to make sure they don't make a mess in the lab
 - cooperc: Improve procedures for after they are done

Committee Goals:
 - Last week: forgot to make goals for GMs
 	- Make more concrete committee goals (doing a pretty good job)
	- Maintain strong connections with others (advisors etc)
	- Increase discussion time/openness of BOD meetings
 - Internal
 	- Better social events, organization, staff cheat sheet (not much change from last week)
 - A/I relations
 	- Focus on increasing alumni events
	- Might be a bit difficult to get an industry event this semester as well
 - Communication
 	- How to respond to ASUC emails?
	- First RREG meeting this Friday
	- 
 - Finance
 	- Need to get less dependent on sang for financials
	- Tahoe financing
		- Monterrey? (as an alternative)
		- Everyone seems to be on board for a retreat of some sort
		- Need to figure out how much people are willing to pay and how much we need to cover
		- Express opinions to nint+ncberberi
 - Decal
 	- Going to be pretty slow this semester
	- Important paperwork deadline: July
	- All facilitators must attend a workshop
	- We might not need to create new labs if we reuse old labs for advanced track
	- Guest lectures/PG&E were a cause of disorganization last semester
	- We still want a lab even if it's not entirely related to a guest lecture
	- 10 lab goal still stands
 - SM
	- Do we need to reevaulate goals?
	- jaw: not really, the goals are a continuation of previous goals
	- cooperc: HPC expansion
	- jaws is too unstable to use regularly, so it's idle a lot
	- We need to spend more money

Prospective opstaff projects:
 - Physical banner 
 - Hiring for next semester
 	- Still kinda far out- don't need to discuss right now
 - Elle doesn't think performance reviews are necessary
 - Historical reasoning- cooperc: Do we pay opstaff for showing up for projects (especially since we aren't paying volunteer staffers)?
 - cooperc: Would be good to have some sort of evaluation because we need to choose an OM soon
 - asai: opstaff productivity has decreased last semester. No problems, but we could ask more from opstaff based on historical trends
 - minos: actually thinks opstaff has been doing a good amount of work
 - bernardzhao: Performance reviews are happening regardless of positive/negative performance overall. We need measurable metrics to make performance discussions less vague

===============
Open Discussion
===============
printlist project (snarin): Displaying print jobs on printers
 - Bernard invites newstaff to join in on the project
 - Nice to have, especially since losing printjobs is fairly common
 - Might require more hardware
 - Going through with it (especially for hackday)

theme project (minos): Improving lab
 - Improving user experience overall
 	- Users have to walk across the room after printing
	- Use fire door and swap scanners and printers
	- If users are confident in their print jobs, they can log out before picking up prints
	- RSF: people walk in easily if they have ID. We could do something similar to track lab users
	- Better lighting near community tables
	- Replace ith's makeshift LED strip on window

dev blog?
 - Might die pretty fast since people don't have time
 - Could ask ASUC for assistance
 - Would be nice to have though

Fix printer rasterization setup?
 - Didn't work last year
 - Lots of considerations with physical presence, quotas, etc
 - rmxu: can we connect OCF ID with Cal 1 Card?

Hydra
 - minos: When are we going to decide if/when to kill Hydra?
 - bernardzhao: Let's not talk about it today. Should move this to general discussion
 - cooperc/kmo/vio: Very close to completion, need a piece which already arrived
 - vio: One obstacle is that we need local admin to do meaningful stuff
 - kmo: usb passthrough is difficult

Hackday planning
 - php: Really great opportunity just to hang out, but also to get newstaff together
 - bernardzhao: Lab closure already figured out
 - php: get to know you form for newstaff in order to figure out what projects they're interested in and how to match them with mentors to get through their first project. 
 	- We need people to volunteer to be mentors (cooperc: mentor = anyone working on a project and is willing to share their knowledge with newstaff)
	- bernardzhao: Also a great chance for veteran staff to give back to the community

Meeting Adjourned at 20:04

Notetaker: bencuan
