Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
bernardzhao
bencuan
ncberberi 
nint
dphan
bzh
php
snarain
fydai 
kmo
cooperc
hexhu

Guests in attendance:
andylo
minjy
ahujaabhik
ethanhs
kpengboy


Quorum for this meeting is 14

Meeting Started at 19:09

Remote bod today poggie

Big discussion round RT#8900 - COVID19
PHP wants action, thinks just limiting peak hours isn't enough.
We have to weigh whether it sounds like it is worth it to keep the lab open.
Maybe people need the lab to access online resources.
Less people have been around here in the lab anyways due to the virus.
Perhaps we should close if opstaff do not want to work.
Talking about opstaff pay - should they be paid if we close the lab?
However, if we have optional attendance, how likely is that we even are open?
If people really needed to use our computers, maybe we could have them email us and then we could help them in and do their work?
Debate is happening about how actually critical our services really are for people.
ncberberi made a good point about how if we don't require opstaff, then we are closing. The question is out of our hands. and it also shouldn't be on the opstaffer's hands to decide whether the lab should be closed, like nint said.
What should we actually put to vote
- Close the lab as of tommorow until future bod
- Asking opstaff to work (paid) remotely on assigned projects
Vote passes. Whoooo
(bencuan asks is this effective immediately?) Well it is closing like tomo lol

Buysheet
Power Distribution peripherals - Minos explaining some complex stuff. It is compatible with the outlets we have.
Minos asks if we want a new fridge - cue 5 mins of just shitting on the current fridge setup
BoD votes to buy a fridge finally im getting deja vu
Tshirts arrived today
Senate Presentation Wednesday - cooper and khen are interested in helping me
AWE Collab with Regex! - we want to do it, just need more context and info
Opstaff application review
Bunch of talk about various other things in the final 5 minutes: rachy's resignation, slack age restrictions, etc.


Meeting Adjourned at 20:15

Notetaker: bernardzhao
