Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
ahujaabhik
bencuan
bernardzhao
cooperc
dphan
exiang
jaw
kmo
ncberberi
nint
rachy
snarain

Guests in attendance:
andylo*
asai*
ethanhs*
fydai*
hexhu*
minos*
rrchan*
huzheyuan

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 8

Meeting Started at 19:10

bernardzhao is looking to change how BoD is run, with these three general
sections each week:
1. what's going on
2. committee items
3. open discussion

Staff hours:
We need people to sign up. Especially important for veteran staffers, so that
new staffers have people they can sign up with. Make PRs to ocf.io/gh/etc.

Lab changes:
We have a new table! More study space and more people studying.
We have a new TV! We are ready and waiting for installation. Need to have
carpentry dept. come in and actually do the work (we can't do it ourselves).
We were supposed to have a meeting with Eleanor but she flaked. Need to
reschedule that.

Upcoming:
- tomorrow 1/28: tabling at Tech Club Recruitment thing from 9-4. sign up:
  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vIY4LLITDTLMUxGqsuBkKOmIMlZzqb-bdrux7P_BvWM/edit
  We need to find the banner and print out flyers. Will work on this tonight
  4:30pm: Cloud Computing Meetup at Skydeck, presented by php, cooperc, and jaw.
- Thurs 1/30: Calapalooza tabling 11-2. THIS IS IMPORTANT. sign up:
  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K3jyXRGnywboopAP4EWtpZYMRzIx9C5gHEkqhjzV9Uw/edit

ATDP MOU:
proposal: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K3jyXRGnywboopAP4EWtpZYMRzIx9C5gHEkqhjzV9Uw/edit
Should be pretty straightfoward, not many changes from last semester.


Committees
==========
We want clear goals for all the committees. This will give us things we can
accomplish and measure our success against.

Internal:
- Hold and improve social events (mix of formal & informal this time)
  - Some people like the more chill events, some people like the bigger events.
- Improve 

Alumni/Ind. Relations:
- Hold at least one industry event this semester (easy)
- Hold at least one alumni event this semester (hard)
- Get money from alumni (and industry!)

Communications:
- Post for all external events this semester
- Post Facebook events for socials
- Connect with Opstaff in order to see if they can make cool graphics about 
  any giveaways or events or cover photos. 

Finance:
- Eliminate Sang. Permanently.
- Maintain RREG involvement
- Discover new initiatives to fund

Decal:
- Submit the paperwork
- Get advanced to 10 labs
- Streamline decal logistics

SM:
- Reduce tech debt  & increase documentation 
- Get plans together and make progress on buster, hydra, atlas, ceph
- Get new staff involved, train existing staffers

Opstaff:
- New physical banner
- Hiring for next semester
  - Two people leaving, including OM.
- We should do performance reviews, as has been done in the past. 


RT#8755
Who defines what a committee is?
asai: Committee heads are in charge of their committees, no?
bernardzhao: Sure, but the question is, who decides what work the committee needs
to do?
ethanhs: Committees are created to distribute that work. Thus, sometimes committees
will need to do things that are needed of the organization, even if the committee
head is not excited about doing that thing.
rachy: I understand that we need to share knowledge about the goals, but we need to
let committee heads decide how they want to do things.
dphan: I think it's important to have a shared understanding of goals, but we should
have more faith in the committee heads to do that.
ethanhs: That's true, but we should be treating committee heads like they have the
responsibilities they signed up for. Otherwise, responsibilities will fall through
the cracks to the GM.
asai: What's an example of this happening?
ethanhs: There were concerns that the goals of Communications didn't line up with
what was intended when it was drafted last semester. That might not be well-founded.
bernardzhao provides context on why we are discussing this and the history with 
the Communications channel.
rachy: Not wanting a channel doesn't mean I'm trying to run this committee by myself.
I thought that everything should be discussed in #administrivia to get as much input
as possible.
bernardzhao: We should try to talk about this stuff more at BoD. We're gonna be
setting aside more in BoD for discussion, which is a more effective place to do it.
cooperc: Committees aren't clear-cut boundaries, but committee heads and GMs should
be working together to keep things from falling through the cracks. BoD doesn't really
need to be involved. As far as the Communications stuff, it's kind of unfortunate.
We're all on the same page here, which is why I introduced the RT ticket. Discussing
things more at BoD is a good idea.

Hack day:
We want to structure things a little more.
Food? Speakers?

Meeting Adjourned at 20:04

Notetaker: cooperc
