# 1 | 8/11/24

Directors in attendance:

* bplate
* rjz
* jaysa
* joewang
* jedakrisnell


Guests in attendance:

* laksith


Meeting Minutes:

* \


Next Meeting:

* \

# Agenda

## RT Tickets

### __Root required:__

* \

### __Open to all:__

* \


## Opstaff Updates

* Planning to write and send out welcome email to new and returning Opstaff tomorrow
  * Mostly about scheduling, deadlines, and administrative stuff (keycard access, direct deposit, etc)
* How are we on supplies? (I haven't been in the lab since last day)
  * rjz will check in the next couple of days
* Instruction starts 8/28, OCF open 9/3 (second week of instruction)
  * 9/2 is a holiday so we're opening on a Tuesday
  * Please make sure new hires have access to commands/troubleshooting: knivesng & johuynh
* Training is a TBD but will reach out to \*Ms to see if y'all are available for it (I can add the tech training part - Joe)
* Interested peeps who applied to Opstaff but want to contribute to projects
  * for technical projects
* Should Opstaff change anything this academic year? Start anything? Any preliminary project ideas?
* jaysa: opstaff raise? (was going to ask)
  * 18.67 effective 7/1/24
  * 45,504 in CACSSF
* we are adding technical role
* not sure if accounted for min wage increase when applying for funding


## Fall Recruitment & internal

* calapalooza form has been filled out
* Will try to get a banner for recruitment, any idea how? (Joe) Before Aug 29th
* New members:  Make people take our decal as an onboarding process…?
* First GM when?
* Better tracking of attendance & interested members. 2+ consecutive misses = fired from board?


## New PCs

* do we want to assemble them before we open?
* discuss next week

## Buysheet

add things to buysheet: ocf.io/buy

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)