# 09 July SPM

Directors in attendance:

* jaysa
* trinityc
* rjz
* ethanhu
* bplate
* dapark
* oliverni
* yehchanyoo
* lharriscal
* njha
* ronitnath
* anddone

Guests in attendance:

* jedakrisnell

Meeting Minutes:

dapark

NEXT MEETING:

Most likely Sunday July 23rd, 4 PM

# Agenda

## opstaff pay adjustment

* Berkeley min wage 18.07/hr effective 7/1


* ethanhu: I suggest last year's pay + 4-5% for CPI (consumer price index)?
  * <https://www.bls.gov/regions/west/data/xg-tables/ro9xg01.htm>
* working 10 hours at most
* **2023-2024: OM $21, OA 18.25**
* 2022-2023: OM $21, OA 18
* 2021-2022 : OM $20, OA 17
* Got $40,437.00 from CACSSF
  * Calculation: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16DhGMK4pYysZL0oJFMliFcWwJmbTYcz9KfkjrFJB7To/edit#gid=0>
  * 6 OA (Undergraduate students) × (30 weeks/academic year × 11 hours/week + 4 hours of training) × $18.25/hour
  * 1 OM (Undergraduate student) × (30 weeks/academic year × 6 hours/week + 4 hours of training) × $21/hour
* We should have **$11,780.50 carry over balance (CASSA account)**
* rjz: Roll over from CASSA. Do they expire? 
  * Probably doesn't expire. 
  * If this is the case we can bump **OA to** `$19` **and OM to** `＄22`**?**
  * \[action item\] Yechanyoo: check funds for OA and OM pay until the next meeting. (Talk to Ani and Aditya about this as well.)
  * even if we don't get roll over in the future, we have enough.
  * trinityc: because we have a lot of roll over, we should use the money.
* jeda: Canva premium or paying for taking classes. Already have access to Canva premium. 
* CACSSF intended use: <http://cfo.berkeley.edu/sites/default/files/ssf-usesoutline.pdf>
* <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M4uZOoSWBInG-Ss4mSvL1GTHxd-HH2P7XbLHJbWQTUk/edit?pli=1>
* spending money on Calapalooza?\n

## subdomain migration

* meeting with yoshida and patrick + kellsie etc.
* [https://docs.ocf.berkeley.edu/doc/yoshita-meeting-notes-627-j2Ol80YnIM](https://docs.ocf.berkeley.edu/doc/yoshita-meeting-notes-627-j2Ol80YnIM/insights)/edit
* broke down types of websites and which ones to migrate first. moving them in batches. starting with wordpress. 
* was previously brought up that we could use a different domain not under berkeley.edu 
  * not doing this for now
* ncograin: would like to request next time that we take our name off the announcement
  * Not much more we really want… (at least not that they're willing to give us :((( )
* ronitnath: can we allow groups to use custom domains?
  * yes, we can work on that.
* request to resend the statement/taking our names off in the next meeting
* next meeting on 7/25. implementation starts in September.

## fall training for newstaff

* kian and ethanhu: Wordpress fixing demo to help with RT tickets
* ncograin: will finish the RT guide by fall
* trinityc: emphasizing decal more realistically. maybe GM 2/3.
  * GM 1: Social, mingle with old staff, ~~force them to~~ make friends
    * ocf staff lead small groups
  * GM 2: ocf technical overview, projects
* Had a small discussion with njha. These are some of the things we talked about to implement for the next semester fyi.
  * Make a candidate -> staff system so that candidates become staff after satisfying some requirements.
    * Candidate: attend X numbers of GM, X socials, X workshop
    * Maybe 3 GMs, 2 socials, 1 workshop?
  * Having more structured social after GM
    * Matching candidate, staff. Doing socials like team quizzes
  * Having some restriction about alum? (Due to some incidents…)
    * Creating OCF Code of conduct (njha has it)
  * Have workshops during GM
    * GM1: intro to OCF, go over all the committees, after staff meets (put people in random groups with staff. Staff collects username and add them to the OCF candidate group. Recommending projects, what they work to specifically work on.)
    * GM2: committees spotlight
  * Discord groups
    * Get rid of current new staff list
    * Candidates = new staff
  * Have an events calendar that staff can add
* trinityc: don't call them Candidates. collect usernames of those that want to be added to staff. 
  * "Attendance spreadsheet" for GMs attended, add after 3 times
  * and do one proactive task: engaging/talking with staff, RT ticket, PR, workshop
  * then, ask to be added staff and will be approved
* jaysa: RT ticket count
* oliverni: gives them something to work toward, having a label is important because it gives them real milestone.
* njha: call them "new staff" (I didn't say this? Or if I did it was part of some larger point not captured by this bullet point. -njha)
* yehchanyoo: uploading answers on gradescope (or some other service such as Google Forms) and seeing if they completed the workshop.
* ronitnath: If it was just to submit some random PR, like even just adding your name to a list that's displayed on ocfweb, I think that would be good? Then they'd include their ocfusername there, and the list of PRs to be approved is the list of newstaff to add to staff

## calapalooza & govapalooza

* calapalooza tabling reservation form & govapalooza interest forms are done
  * whats govapalooza
* External Comm to met and make flyer\[s\]/decals
  * Give away stickers(?) Status on sticker inventory(?)
  * people wanted the weird little plastic penguin dudes when we tabled for cal day last time
* jaysa signed up!

- [x] \[action item\] jaysa/dapark calapalooza sign up form


- [x] generate a consistent paragraph that the staff can say. 


- [ ] \[action item\] external could put on the poster/flyer

* njha: have a picture o f our server room
* calapalooza 8/24 2-6pm
* dapark: sun roof / tents
* BUY:
  * ***__3 [penguin suit](https://www.amazon.com/Newcosplay-Costume-Sleepsuit-Onesies-Pajamas/dp/B00LVCS2YM/ref=sr_1_6?keywords=penguin%2Bsuit&qid=1688884308&sr=8-6&th=1&psc=1) (large, med, small)__***
  * **pop up canopy (custom with ocf?)**
  * \[action item\] External committee - writing up poster
* yechanyoo: saw a club where they submit a interest form for a small gift.
* ronitnath: recruiting in front of CS buildings. Jacobs, Soda.
* \[action item\] jaysa: Posting recruitment on EECS 101, DATA 001 EdStem 

## decal

* trinityc: course proposal form has been submitted!
  * Will receive course logistics confirmations around July/early Aug once COCI has approved the decal