(Message bod:9)
Received: by hailstorm.Berkeley.EDU (5.61/CHAOS)
	id AA01228; Tue, 29 Oct 91 17:17:57 -0800
Date: Tue, 29 Oct 91 17:17:57 -0800
From: Roy Rapoport <rsr>
Message-Id: <9110300117.AA01228@hailstorm.Berkeley.EDU>
To: bod
Subject: Minutes of the BoD for 10/24/91
X-Face: ~[*[,%6'LR7j&j>t"rMShX[ucVzdmB:+v0d^0R`,K)gT\u&[2D>'./myn`[q^j1u{#&"D<Q
 ~G.;v^gW]9P<(xO*ln-Pgj*A[yE_sOPSL%ea6YiL!M+I}X=C8n>Pt#tlXx\ftmSb?8rNKceGEM.#u*
 __A=

Following are the official [late] minutes for the OCF Board of Directors
meeting of thursday, October 24, 1991.

Ensuing some difficulties involving the Engineering Alumni Association and
the 'White-Haired Bitch" (allusion to "Blue-Eyed Devil", of course), and
their gall in appropriating both 120A and 120B Bechtel for their
inconsequential dealings, we started at about 7:03 BST.

1)  Attendance:
	The following people were in 120B Bechtel after we finished kicking
	the other people out:
	psb		pbrown		moray		rsr	ctl
	chamm		alanc		gwh		ianb	nweaver	
	davidf		kmorgan		kit		norby	cgd
	adam(richter)	karat		evil		blojo	dpassage


7:07 	David demonstrated his prowess.

2)	Barbeque:
	We decided in one of the earliest meetings to have a barbeque this
	semester.  During this meeting we decided not to, but rather try to 
	do it next semester.
	12 people voted for putting it off to next semester.
	 0 people voted for not putting it off to next semester.


7:10:	chamm mentioned margaret

3)  	Margaret
	dpassage argued that only people who know Margaret should be allowed
	to mention her.  His proposal was struck down.  Margaret.

4) 	ianb self-nominated himself for the BoD (of course, that's kind of 
	redundant, not to mention repetitive).  
	Around 11 people voted for him.
	Around  1 people voted against him.

5)	gwh motioned that votes that have been folded more than 4 times not
	be counted, but withdrew his motion after a paper vote on the motion
	was suggested.

6)	Password Cracking policy:

	During the past week, an account that had a password cracker (Crack
	3.2, which isn't even the latest version of Crack, and is available
	via anonymous ftp from a plethora of computers) was turned off
	because of that.  During the BoD meeting the subject of password
	crackers came up.  

	The issue is whether or not to allow them:
	The side that says that they should be allowed claims that it would be 
	VERY BAD for us to start restricting what kind of files other people 
	have in their directories.
	The side that says they should not be allowed claims that they have
	no real legitimate use and that they jeopardise cluster security.

	A plethora of arguments passed back and forth, and the point that
	under some circumstances (limited circumstances), they may have a
	valid use.  Some people actually claimed that it may even be OK to
	run them, but most people did not agree.  

7:55	Jen was mentioned {cgd's [(girl)friend]}

	In the end, we voted on the following policy articulation:
	"Possession of password-cracking programs on the OCF is
	legitimate.  Cracking passwords on the OCF is not a legitimate use
	of the OCF or of the aforementioned programs, and can/will be
	sufficient cause for staff to turned an account off.  If staff sees
	somebody running a password-cracking program, staff may ask that
	person to explain his actions.  He will have one week to explain
	them, and will not use the mentioned programs during that one week
	under pain of account termination."
	Votes:
	Yes votes:  14
	No  votes:   1 (me)

	The meeting was then adjurned.

	

				Have a nice day,
				Roy S. Rapoport

		OCF Secretary	----	secretary@ocf

	

	
