Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adityasri
asai
bernardzhao
bzh
cooperc
dphan
ethanhs
exiang
fydai
ith
jaw
jkuki
minos
ncberberi
nessaur
nrw
php
rrchan

Guests in attendance:
nint*
regex*
huzheyuan
sgpierce
ecarter
andylo

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 14

Meeting Started at 19:13

buysheet:
  * wifi ap, suggested by abizer. tabled b/c abizer not here
  * rust mascot plushie, suggested by dkessler/ethanhs, 15.00. approved.
  * paying for digitalocean VMs for linux decal, 1500. approved.

summer planning/recent updates:
  * university affairs committee:
    * Sam Pierce (username dev) from ATDP will be coming to lab/bod.
    * Liam Will (ASUC senator) is making office, any interested OCFers can apply for internship
      * he's in contact with B&G, so possible collaboration
      * talked with him re: opstaff paying issue w/STF
    * opstaff pay crisis resolved, we are using asuc funds for now
    * setting up regular meetings w/megan fox
  * staff affairs comittee:
    * units for ocf idea: get p/np units for doing staff stuff
      * someone needs to write up syllabus for staff & meet weekly with staff taking those units
      * need position for this: deadline is 9/18
    * we're abolishing families this sem
      * breakout sessions after staff meeting presentation: ~3 people doing shit, people can join/leave at will
      * social activities will now be planned by staff affairs comm
    * onboarding docs [k#133] need to get finished and published
      * fydai can spend some time on it, maybe bernardzhao
    * OCF culture document describing our culture and values; mdcha completed a draft, will publish to wider OCF soon.
    * Calapalooza and Decal Expo tabling went well, ty to everyone who tabled
    * newstaff event for integrating them/showing them how to get started: "HackDay" 9/21
    * on same note, we want to make a curriculum: small tasks for newstaff to do to help them get started
      * these should optimally be done by HackDay
      * regex heading work on this rn
    * if you want to work on any of these things, talk to GMs or comm-heads (bernardzhao, rachy)
  * outreach committee:
    * campus:
      * AWE potentially interested in coming, regex talking to GMs about details
    * industrial:
      * Yan Zhu from Brave coming to HackDay. probably afternoon talk rn, maybe Brave could pay for our food
      * potential: panel of people from startups, other backgrounds, that ejj could be a part of.
      * fb event coming up, yelp event week after. need to finalize planning for both!
  * decal committee:
    * rip DO voucher
    * applications are done and selected, everything else going good
  * interior committee:
    * what this comittee will do: not custodial maintenance, but long-term improvements
      1. floor hygiene
      2. lab floorplan and lighting
    * lab temp: geoff said "hvac will be adjusted soon", seems slightly better but need to see for next heat wave. resolved for now
    * storage room: it's messy af, need to put used toner & fridge into our side
      * make more room!!! maybe convince b&g to stack their shit higher, and give freed-up space to us?
  * funding/stf committee:
    * met with jenny earlier: recap
      * discussed what plans were re: ocf/stf funding
      * 1st phase: research what stf is funding, what groups are using it, what benefits it brings
  * misc updates:
    * everyone in BoD is **strongly recommended** to be in at least one comm, so comm heads don't do all the work
      * sign up at ocf.io/s/committees. not signing yourself for big commitment, but comm heads can delegate to you
    * purpose of comm: GMs are overworked and single point of failure; need to spread tracking admin stuff to comm heads
      * comm heads should ideally be keeping track of everything under their jurisdiction; reach out to GMs if confused if something is in your purview
      * comm heads should also be presenting during "update" section of bod
      * don't feel obligated to do everything as comm head; manage/mentor people to do some of your tasks too!
      * new channels: #*comm. use them for inter-committee business


Meeting Adjourned at 19:56

Notetaker: bzh
