Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
php
cooperc
fydai
ethanhs
nessaur
rachy
minos
bernardzhao
rrchan
bzh
dphan
jameszhu
ncberberi

Quorum for this meeting is 0

Meeting Started at 19:24

* Tabling election until next Tuesday: unanimous

* ethanhs suggested we discuss bylaw addition of the rule that we refresh the bod members at the beginning of the semester; the rule seems to be in practice

* Buysheet

	* Cups: php bought some, unanimously voted to reimburse

	* Router: abizer is not here; bod discussed going for the one with openwrt compatibility, deferred to next meeting

	* Mops: rachy mentions that cleaning should be a group activity; approved unanimously

	* USB 3.0  4 port hub for hydra: we will search for a new model

* ethanhs wanted to talk about constitutional change: whether to allow or disallow voting the first meeting of the semester; we are discussing it next time

* Update on HPC estimating BRC allocation size

	* we should ask again

	* also we should be able to tell from user usage

* Caltopia/GBO tabling today - freshmen seemed fresh

* Calapalooza is September 5th

	* we need YOU! to volunteer to table at the calapalooza

* rrchan signs up for handling CCN and logistics for giving staff members units for their work during the semester

* Outreach - please if you have taken a task on the kanboard, do them!

* Naming the 9/21 event: what to name it? "not-hackathon-hackathon", "sprints", "makerthon" etc was suggested

* DeCal: if you signed up for to be decal staff, do the tasks assigned to you!

* Cleaning up the lab

* minos - Email/Follow up SUFMO new chairs

Meeting Adjourned at 20:01

Notetaker: minos
