Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
bernardzhao
cooperc
ethanhs
fydai
ith
jaw
kmo
minos
php
rachy
skuklinsky
vio

Guests in attendance:
hexhu*
nessaur*
abizer
ckuehl
dkessler
keur
kpengboy
mdcha

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 13

Meeting Started at 20:15

Skipping buysheet as we don't have quorum at this point.

Continuing semesterly recaps:
DeCal
- It's been good. Interest has continued to increase. DeCal is healthy, not a lot of trouble finding lecturers.
  To fix: we know the pain points around Gradescope now. It's hard for students to know their status. Overall, pretty good.
  Over summer we talked about hybrid lab/lecture which didn't always work... lectures still take almost an hour.
  We didn't do so hot on getting things out a week ahead of time.

Funding:
- Committee seems good, generally finding people to work on things and getting things done.
  Could do better on getting people to actually doing things.

SMs:
- Staff meetings could be smoother. Need to get more buy-in on breakouts.
  Technically, many contributions from new people, which is good. We should focus on moving to Buster.
  Didn't do a good job of setting goals and expectations. One goal was to help people get technically active, which we did ok on.
  More communication with the rest of staff like updates on technical things.

DeCal Nominations:
* Encourage more people to get involved with DeCal.
- longlian declined his nomination
- current nominees are fydai and andylo

* rt#8594: 
  - cooperc gives a recap
  - marketing seems kind of silly
    > marketing was born out of a failure this semester to effectively communicate with staff and the public
    > OCFers probably don't like the name "marketing"
    > Poeple still are going to think of OCF as BPS. Is this a focus?
  - In general, committees should emerge based on what people want to do.

Lab reservation:
- Someone filled out the lab reservation for study group.
- We should update the information 


Updates:
Opstaff:
- Show your ID to opstaff, unless you're absolutely sure the opstaff at front desk knows you.
- Want to hold a social but someone has to be at the desk at all times. Maybe we will close?

University Affairs:
- Liam Will cancelled.
- Met with Megan.
  > keycard moving along
- Bill Allison very helpful esp. during power outage.

Staff Affairs:
- Board Game night Friday.
  > On buysheet (can't be formally approved): raffle. Yubikeys and snacks.
- Round one on 11/16: cars? How many people are going, will we have enough cars? Probably will be a lot of interest.

DeCal:
- Need to work on CPF.

Funding:
- Everything is fine, we have attendance problems. Jenny just says start working on things.
- From agenda:
  > Preparing survey to be sent out to STF project grantees
  > Preparing survey to be filled out by general student body
    - Want to administer a convenience survey in the lab. Just have a short survey to collect some data regarding STF on the desktops.
  > Next RREG meeting on Friday 3-4pm in Eshleman 540 (assuming campus is open and we have electricity/clean air lol)

Interior:
- Want to decorate for the holidays!
- Power strips:
  > More power strips would help for charging things.
  > Power strips next to every other computer, and more prominent, would help.
  > Minos proposes a cool power strip to put on the dividers
- TV: gonna suggest a model from Wirecutter

Staff meeting:
- Currently no plans.
  > Anyone want to present?
  > kmo bjb changes
- Breakout sessions: sign up!

Meeting Adjourned at 21:13

Notetaker: cooperc
