Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adityasri
andylo
borahl
bzh
cooperc
dphan
ecarter
ethanhs
exiang
fydai
jaw
khen
minos
ncberberi
nint
php

Guests in attendance:
huzheyuan*
kmo*
rachy*
sajiang*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 14

Meeting Started at 19:17

Buysheet
    * Gopher plush 2x: approved
    * Paper cutter: approved

Who's Who presentation:
    * Info on important administrative people in relation to OCF
    * Such as ASUC members/staff (EVP, CFO, Student Union Finance...) and University staff (STF, IST...)
    
    Notes:
        * Maintain connections with ASUC.
        * IST interested in greater collaboration with OCF.
        * Anthony Suen of Data Science wants OCF to provide service similar to datahub.berkeley.edu (JupyterHub on k8s)
        

Committee Updates:
    
    OpStaff: 
        * Giveaway for sharing OCF on social media
        * Changing page limits on posters 
        * OCF closing early on Wednesdays cuts a lot of hours for that shift. Suggested solution is to inform of early closures upfront and draft policy to limit hours that can be cut w/o compensation (up to 5% pp).
            Discussion:
                * elle approves
                * maybe wfh on ocf projects?
            
            BoD vote on above policy + work on ocf projects: unanimous agreement.

    University Affairs:
        * Met with Liam Will. Priority is to get on Senate Docket. Could do Oct 4th.
        * Correspondence w/ Megan. Discussed PR, reimbursement, and processes.
        * Discussed w/ Leon Ming about OCF involvement in OCTO projects.

    Staff Affairs:
        * HackDay went well! :D
        * Berny: next lowkey social should be next next saturday. needs planning.
        * We may prefer Friday.

    Outreach:
        * Yelp event ready for 9/25!.
        * RSVP numbers from form & ckuehl
        * Discussion w/ baisang:
            * Develop standard outreach template
            * Delegate tasks e.g. cold emailing companies, food, marketing

    DeCal: 
        * VMs are up! -jaw
        * Some labs need grading
        * On good pace, but some labs still need posting.
        * Reminder to be ready a week before and grade within week after.

    Interior: 
        * Shoutout to fydai for mopping 1/3 of the floor
        * Need SUFMO to respond about deep cleaning floor

    Funding:
        * On Oct 3rd ASUC docket. 
        * Sent emails.
        * RREG meeting next week! ask dphan

MISC:
    * Staff Meeting presentations should be prepared.
    * Start thinking breakout sessions.
        * Staffers can sign up to host.
        * Broad definition of activity. CTF, make PRs, boba run.
        * Fill in spreadsheet!


Meeting Adjourned at 20:02

Notetaker: jaw
