Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adityasri
andylo
asai
bzh
cooperc
fydai
gundralaa
jaw
kmo
minos
nint
php
rachy
regex
snarain

Guests in attendance:
hexhu*
mdcha

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.


Quorum for this meeting is 15
snarain was identified twice in the previous minutes due to a typo.

Meeting Started at 19:15

Discussions before the quorum was met:

* Swag is happening

Quorum reached with aditya, regex walking in. Round of applause as they entered the room.

* ATDP 2020, we would like to do it again. BoD votes to approve.

Buysheet:
* Approved: Table and chairs are approved, minos suggests that we approve it now, although things are pending with SUFMO because during next BoD meeting will have to devote majority of time to elections.
* Approved: Geoff's gift, EFF Sliver's pizza


Nominations:
* General manager:
Ticket - Person who nominated; Seconded
bernardzhao, dphan - andylo; jaw
jaw, vac - andylo; cooperc - jaw declines
vacuum - php; cooperc
cooperc, dphan - cooperc; minos
php, cooperc - php; bzh
bzh 170 project - fydai; nint
php, dphan - php; - no Second
andylo, bernardzhao - andylo; aditya
minos, cooperc - minos; andylo
minos, vac - andylo, nint
nint, nint's catgirl - rachy, minos

* Site Manager:
Ticket - Person who nominated; Seconded
jaw - rachy; cooperc
papercut - bzh; minos
cooperc - fydai; jaw
jaw, cooperc - andylo; bzh
jaw, fydai - cooperc; andylo
nint, jaw - rachy; andylo - nint:"what do I have to do for this job?" "but what do I have to do??"
php, jaw - php; kmo

There were nominations that were for memes. We are not listing them here - those were not seconded.
Round of applause for minos for writing it all out.

7:50 - we are almost out of time

cooperc goes through the committee constitutional amendment and reads out lout the changes. relevant rt#8594, text version of the google doc is available in the bod directory `2019-11-25-attachment1`, link to the google doc: `https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IgjkPqUCo2x3_NNfUwelc_lzYwqt2kReHOPBkw5UQzM/edit#`.

cooperc also goes over the proposed bylaw changes, which in gist, removes deputy *Ms section, lays out the committee operating rules. google doc: `https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zJ39cT3lws_n83BNhJa2dDbEY7UB2oicLUzH5FYFFEg/edit`, look for the named version `bod-pre discussion`. or the text version of the said named google doc version is available `2019-11-25-attachment2`.

Discussion related to the proposed changes in both documents:
--
cooperc: 3.4.1 Membership, goes over the suggestions.
3.4.1. as it was written is stated here for convenience of the readers: "Directors may claim membership in any committee, and. Directors may claim membership in any number of committees. Membership in a committee does not require appointment or approval, and can be claimed or disclaimed at any time."

asai: (paraphrased) '[regarding 3.4.1] why does it exist? there seems no point to have it'

More discussions were had, ultimately voted to removed the section 3.4.1 a bit later in the meeting.
--
minos: suggests uniformity between "provided by bylaw" vs. "defined by bylaw"

mdcha when asked about the difference between "defined by bylaw" vs "provided by the bylaw": "you nerds"

majority approved the elect committee heads as provided by bylaw
--
12 majority for changing the 4.11 - deleting the line "Committee heads are considered members of their respective committees."
--
cooperc relays the irc chat: kpengboy, dwc, and {someone else} mentioned that whether the committee should be in the constitution at all.
--
a question was brought up: do we have to get the CLO to approve the constitution change? - after quick search in chartered program rules, cooperc found no clear indication; but we found out that the bod constitution is considered "operating rules" in the eyes of ASUC.
--
13 approved, 1 against of the continuance of the constitutional change
--
12 approved the deletion of the section 3.4.1
--
11 approved the change of formerly the section 3.4.2 - now "3.4.1 Open Access"
Previously read: "Committees may not restrict access to documents, data, code, or other information or resources on account of committee membership or lack thereof." to "Committees may not restrict access to documents, data, code, or other information or resources from Directors"
--
9 approved the change of the line in the formerly the section 3.4.3 - now "3.4.2 Enumeration"
Previously read: "Active committees and their purposes are defined as provided by bylaw." to "Committees and their purposes are defined as provided by bylaw."
--
mdcha goes to play smash because it's 8:25 right now.

andylo verbally signs an affidavit that he voted "yes" to everything

rachy: brought up the concern of the committee name "Marketing" vs. "Communication"

a small break while cooperc fills in the blanks of the documents.

an unfortunate turn of event: the wording of the requirement for the constitutional change says that 2/3 of the Board has to be present, which is not met.

cooperc has died.

Meeting Adjourned at 20:30

Notetaker: minos
