Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
bencuan
bzh
cooperc
dphan
exiang
gundralaa
jaw
jkuki
kmo
mcint
ncberberi
nessaur
nint
php
rachy
snarain

Guests in attendance:
ahujaabhik*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 14

Meeting Started at 19:11

COMMITTEE ELECTIONS
- Updates to nominations: rachy off from Internal

php:
- Communication first choice, internal second.
- Communication: improving mindshare, integration and diversity. Working with other groups, such as EE/CS or campus groups (such as CSUA) considered.
- Lots of improvement could be used on OCF communication, so having documentation on this would be something to be improved on
- Internal: Working on starter tasks, surveys, mitigating the loss of social families

cooperc:
- Disconnect between inclusivity as we think and OCF's reality. Mentioned *Ms being pushed out of the org, missing diversity from staff demographics, etc.
- Engagement not serious enough
- Would like to run for Communication to run for this
- Will only take on one committee
- Q: Ideas for tackling diversity? A: outreach, social integration, etc. Not easy fix, but conversation needed - has heard from others of this being an issue

kmo:
- Don't have a lot to say.
- Interested in running for these position because I want to grow my experience with the OCF and learn about how it works.
- I believe running for these positions will help me understand things a little better.
- Q: How did you find out about the OCF? A: Was searching about Linux and found OCF through Google.
- Q: Of the four committees, which would you prefer? A: Most excited about DeCal. Experience creating educational materials. Also cool with Internal or Communication, like interacting with other people.

asai:
- Long time OCF-er
- Likes planning events with OCF alums
- More infosessions?
- Q: Bag of joycons? A: ...

Nint:
- Can do finance (spreadsheets)
- Confident in spreadsheets
- Q: Would you be interested in joining RREG? (from dphan) A: OK, maybe.
- Q: Do you enjoy looking at spreadsheets? A: I guess so.
- Q: How many spreadsheets have you looked at? A: On the order of thousands?
- Q: How many spreadsheets would fit in the Empire State Building? A: A lot. Maybe put them in USB drives.

minos:
- Continue the work on securing funding for the OCF
- Would like to continue work on Interior Committee
- Q: How many spreadsheets would fit in the Empire State Building? A: (cooperc) oh my g

ncberberi:
- Would like to continue with a lot of work on Finance
- Likes spreadsheets
- Q: How many spreadsheets would fit in the Empire State Building? (dphan) just walk away

bencuan:
- Likes Decal, new-staffer who took it this semester
- Decal as a way to get more people into the OCF, could be used as new staff onboarding

exiang:
- Decal one of the biggest ways to provide for the rest of the Berkeley community
- UNIX literacy as a CS major is important, but most just learn the bare min
- Main goals as facilitator: making materials more complete (adding video demos)
- Will do best to recruit and direct people in making labs

rachy:
- Most comfortable with communications
- Mentioned social media experience at Crunchyroll, etc
- Would also be willing to take on alumni outreach
- Q: For communication, what is the most important thing to do? A: Outreach in diverse communities, making those connections so the OCF is more prominent


COMMITTEE ELECTION RESULTS

- Internal:	* php & kmo ( * )

- Alumni:	rachy & cooperc ( 1 )
		php & rachy ( 3 )
		* asai & rachy ( 11 )

- Finance: 	kmo & fydai ( 1 )
		minos & ncbeberi ( 4 )
		* nint & mcbeberi ( 8 )
		kmo & nint ( 1 )
		minos & nint ( 0 )
		minos & asai ( 1 )

- Comm:		* rachy ( 8 )
		cooperc & php ( 5 )
		cooperc & kmo ( 2 )
		kmo & php ( 0 )

- DeCal:	* exiang & bencuan & kmo ( * )


cooperc quickly goes over BoD agenda.

- Buy sheet postponed to next semester (mostly food)
- T-Shirts happening soon!
- Scheduled meeting with mfox.
- Talked to the people at Skydeck, will be attending next cloud meetup.

- Staff Affairs (Nint): 
Beach meetup still going on, but w/o bonfire (illegal during winter months). 
Will likely take place early on Friday. Nint will work on drafting a email to send to staffers.

- Interior:
. Regarding approval on new TV from SUFMO, 
. Community table approved by SUFMO. Need to check back for fire code
. Proposed a lab deep clean over winter break
. Other projects: lighting project (LED Matrix) replacing hours sign + atmospheric lighting, other efforts to reimagine lab environment + refreshments possible

- DeCal:
. Still need to assign people grades
. Great lectures last week

- Funding/STF:
. New survey created, looks good! Will be pushed tonight
. GA meeting last week, which went well
. Next RREG meeting this Wednesday


Because this is the last BoD meeting and due to the new bylaws recently passed, members of BoD must state whether they plan on attending BoD next semester:

Planning to stay:
dphan
bencuan
jaw
rachy
php
cooperc
kmo
nint
bzh
ncberberi
ahujaabhik
snarain
gundralaa
exiang
nessaur
mcint

Meeting Adjourned at 20:18

Notetaker: kmo
