Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adityasri
andylo
asai
bernardzhao
bzh
cooperc
dphan
exiang
fydai
ith
jaw
jkuki
minos
ncberberi
nessaur
php
regex
vaibhavj

Guests in attendance:
borahl*
ecarter*
khen*
rgupta*
tanun*
yichizh*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 14

Meeting Started at 19:11

Meeting Adjourned at 19:58

buysheet:
  * digital ocean gives us VM, thus saved $1500
  * Zines are rejected
  * earplugs, for use in lab. Approved.

committee updates:
  * University Affairs:
    meeting w/ Megan: 1 per 2 wk @ 11am, Thu
    meeting w/ Liam Will: 1 per 2 wk @ 6pm, Thu
    meeting w/ Liam Ming (?) @ 3pm (?), Wed
    ASUC person wants to take pic of the lab @ Fri
      - photo taking policies.
      - tell us before coming into the lab.
      - ask for explicit consent before taking
      - do not let people unwillingly to show up on an unknown picture
      - take down a picture if people don't want to be on one.
    SERC wants to put a e-waste bin in the lab.
      Questions:
        - how to prevent people from throwing trash into it
	- liabilities involved? 
	- space?
      Can suggest them to put in RE-USE.

  * Staff Affairs:
    nessaur is trying to let people earn credits for doing ocf jobs.
      ddl @ Wed
      need mentors for that!
    social!
      - Hack day @ Sat
      - talk to bernardzhao / racheltrujillo if any ideas.
  * Outreach
    - Yan from brave coming @ Sat, cool person!
    - Yelp event @ 7-8pm 9/25
    - Other companies, look at bod agenda.
    - mdcha said something, I did not really capture that.
  * Decal
    - Digital Ocean credits, as in buysheet.
    - gleeb fled from Thu lecture, mdcha subbed in
    - Facilitator needs to ask for course units.
    - set up DO VMs.
  * Interior
    Nothing.
  * Funding / STF
    - Referendum Renewal EG meeting in 3 weeks
      before that, meet individuals to gain interest from them.
      If want to help with STF, talk to dphan or fydai
    - ocf.io/s/committees, if any interest in anything. directors are encouraged to join.
  * Documentation
    - docs on ocfweb outdated
    - no doc on administration
    - in staff gdrive, folder called "docs", for easy modification.
  * Communication
    - no more discourse, all on github issues (tech) and rt tickets (other).
    - Mailing lists should be congregated into officers@o.b.e, so everyone receives everything.
      (Tech, Admin, everything), and impose aggressive filters.
      
General Discussion:
  * rt#8413 
    - committee heads are not noted in any by-laws etc.
    - Historically, we have GM, SM, DM, DGM, DSM.
    - committee heads are just like DGMs. 
    - remove DGM and replace it with commtitee heads in constitutions and bylaws
    - furthermore, we need rules on how to elect committee heads.
    - GMs believe committee heads should be elected at the end of the previous semester.
      - problem: a lot for one election: GM, SM, Committee Heads.
    - Bod did not successfully gather information on whether Committee Heads think it's hard to run for multiple heads or not.
    - should define which committees do what and whether they are permanent or ad-hoc
  
  * rt#8457 bod vote on 20/200, passed.
    - "printing costs us basically no money, kap." -- andylo
    - need only $90 more if double the quota.
    - sounds hilarious? that's stats!
    - we can do 15 daily and 150 every semester.
    - or 20/200

  * rt#8458
    - explicitly ask who wants to be on bod.

  Bod surprisingly finished the agenda.


Notetaker: yichizh
