Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
asai
bernardzhao
dphan
fydai
ith
jaw
kmo
minos
ncberberi
nessaur
nint
rachy
skuklinsky
snarain

Guests in attendance:
adityasri*
bencuan*
evangong*
exiang*
gundralaa*
hodaniel*
jkuki*
mcint*
regex*
rmxu*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 11

Meeting Started at 20:12

* <RT NUMBER>: <TOPIC>

Meeting Adjourned at 21:40

Notetaker: bernardzhao

Whats up berny back at it again

CockroachDB's tech talk just finished! Bod was at 8pm today because of that.

Starting a bit late with buysheet:
* Holiday decorations (haven't been discussed enough, so tabled)
* New TV!!! $1500, but also have to consider costs for installation and mounts - need SUFMO approval
	* Approved allocation of $2500, ballpark all costs
* TPLink Switch approved for $15
* Tables (pushed to later)
* LED project - Timothy Zhao's project - approved $500 ballpark
* SATADOM for bedbugs - to match with other servers - approved
* Monitor replacement - 4 1440p monitors of the same type that we already have - approved
* Paper plates lol - approved though it probably technically isn't needed
* 50 cable zip ties - approved

Ethanhs is not here to talk about his resignation

Should we have a bod during RRR week? Lets do it. We technically have classes then anyways because of cancelled classes this semester

Christopher made some bylaw changes:
* bod appointments, resignations, bans/good standing wording changes and updates
# passed amendment in 2019-11-18-attachment
And also a constitutional amendment:
* committee heads can be elected, etc. leaving implementation to the bylaws - which needs to added as well
	* But cooperc sort of has most of that down already
* Questions that need answers: what committees should exist, what they should do, etc.
* Seems like as a general concept it seems to sit okay with most staff

* Baisang mentions how the bod queue hasn't been cleared for quite a while
	* Gotta go onto RT to give the damn feedback! Or else bod is BORING!!! Gotta fix this
* Fydai mentions how email filters will be up soon! There is an RT ticket on that as well lmfao
* Opstaff wages gotta increase because of minimum wage increases - to $15 / $18 for elle
* Kdr also made some new merch for the OCF - shirts
* Opstaff also been working on the semesterly survey
* University Affairs finally met - only Minos showed up
* Holiday lab access - it seems that we need another clearance, which costs us about $600 a year so that around ~5 or so people can access the lab during the holidays
	* Options - combine our existing two clearances to get our first clearance, if we don't want to buy one, or just let opstaff to have server access as well
	* Vote on whether people are okay with opstaff having server access - seems people are ge nerally okay with it
* Geoff has left SUFMO. RIP our main man - gotta deliver thos chocolates to him in Stanley
* Want to have an ASUC presentation soon! Gotta show them the cool stuff that has been happening.
* Jaw's event at Round 1 went well! Some kawaii pictures were taken
* Abizer wants the alumni event to happen. 6pm the friday of dead week for just those alumni boomers to talk
* Thanks Abizer for the CockroachDB event btw! ACID baby
* Sourcegraph @ OCF sounds like its gonna happen next semester, good stuff!
* Minos wants to buy new desk and chairs - its gonna happen but at this point we are rushing through material
* ith had ideas for how we should deal with the boxes full of books that we have at this point
* decal not happening in spring, the deadline has been missed. This is tragic, and as decal heads we have to set up this coordination better as a whole so that it can run smoothly year over year.
* STF funding had a meeting, these went smoothly from there
* Ethanhs is finally here, and resigned as site manager
	* Notes communication issues, wishes he didnt have to resign, has other things going on, said that theres a lot of work to be done, but has to resign. Short blurb.
* At this point its like 9:40 god damn
* And thats a wrap
