Attendance
Name:			Login:			BoD?		Daruma or Black Sheep?
stephen			calman			Y		n/a
Derek Chan		dwc			Y		n/a
Wayne Chan		wyc			Y		Daruma?
Eugene Chan		ceugene			N		Black Sheep
Patrick Fey		cpfeyh			N		n/a
Frank Ho		fho			Y		n/a
Brett Cannon		bac			Y		Daruma
Devin Jones		jones			N		Black Sheep
Solitaire MacIan	smacian			N		n/a
Emily Watt		ewhatt			N		n/a
Alethea Marti		lia			N		Daruma
Jacob Scott		jhs			Y		n/a
Susie Tang		suztang			Y		Black Sheep
Stepanie Hou		stephhou		Y		Black Sheep
							Overall:Black Sheep!


Agenda:
GM Report
SM Report
Old Business
New Business
BoD Elections


	GM Report:
Budget for next semester (requesting $36,850).  Don't expect that, but we can hope.
Eric England #88 (Woodstock Party--essentially his own) is here to address us.  (goes to ASUC meetings and stuff)--Lobbies for CalPirg.  Their problems are legal, we won't have those.
	Knows Jen--finance committee chair.  Looking at $25,000 minimum for running budget (to be provided to him later).
	He is currently running for Senate.  (He has our permission to campaing in here but doesn't really want to).
	Votes are 3 weeks from now.  Tues. Wed. Thurs. 9, 10, 11.
		As of 7:26 PM on 03-21-02 Eric England now has official permission to use his quota to print campaign literature.


	SM Report:
We're buying a second printer (and fixing the first one).  Dan is handling that.
What do we do with new staff?/People need to sign up for their staff hour(s).


	Old Business:
New staff training (during busy times).  Suzy will e-mail hours to list, but it seems like 10-1 midweek (Tues.Wed.Thurs.)
		Peak Hours:
			TU- *wyc - 11-1		suztang - 10-1		*dwc - 11-1
			W - fho - 12-1		stephhou - 11-12	*jones - 10-11
			TH-suztang - 10-1	*dwc - 11-1



	New Business:
None

	BoD Elections:
Add Patrick to BoD? Passes.


Wayne moves to close.
	DINNER!
