These are the UN-official minutes of the OCF General Meeting of February 6,
1992.  (OCF account names are listed in parentheses.)

Those in attendance were: (in no particular order)
        Alan Coopersmith (alanc)        Eddy Karat (karat)
        Elmer Mark Ping (emarkp)        Hans Reiser (reiser)
        Nicholas Weaver (nweaver)       David Paschich (dpassage)
        Kier Morgan (kmorgan)           Kinshuk Govil (kinshuk)
        David Friedman (davidf)		Eric Hollander (hh)
	George Herbert (gwh)		Sean Welch (welch)
	Steve Huntsberry (steveh)	Lee Haynes (haynes ?)
	Partha S. Banerjee (psb)	Roy S. Rapoport (rsr)
	Adam Richter (adam)		Eric Mehlhaff (mehlhaff)

The meeting was called to order by the late (he's off the CSUA life game)
General Manager George William Herbert (gwh) around 7:10 pm in Sibley
Auditorium.  Mrs. Herbert (owner-gwh) was not seen at the meeting.

George gave a speech (with a lot of help from the crowd) describing the
current state of the OCF.

Elections were then held.  David Friedman (davidf), Nicholas Weaver
(nweaver), and Adam Richter (adam) accepted their nominations for General
Manager (gm).  Speeches were made, questions answered, and life points
tallied.  Partha asked about the candidates opinions of the OCF "on a more
poofy level." The first round of balloting eliminated Nicholas, but did not
give a majority to any candidate.  A run-off between David and Adam resulted
in Adam's election as General Manager for Spring 1991.

Keir Morgan (kmorgan) and Roy Rapoport (rsr) ran for Site Manager (sm).
Also nominated, but not running were Sean Welch (welch) and Eric's Cat
(//soda/bin/cat).  After discussion by Roy about the possibilities of a
runoff vote, a lengthy question and answer session was held, after which
hell froze over and Roy was selected holder of the magic "s-and-m@ocf" mail
alias.

The Board of Directors (bod) was then elected.  All the candidates won a
spot on the board.  They were: (in the same order as above)
	Alan Coopersmith (alanc)	Eddy Karat (karat)
	E. Mark Ping (emarkp)		Hans Reiser (reiser)
	Nicholas Weaver	(nweaver)	David Paschich (dpassage)
	Kier Morgan (kmorgan)		Kinshuk Govil (kinshuk)
	David Friedman (davidf)		!psb

George was not voted onto the board because he is not currently eligible for
the CSUA life game.

Mark Ping was selected as Secretary (sexy), and Keir Morgan volunteered
to be Treasurer (empty-pockets).

The meeting was then closed, causing Adam's first Constituional Crisis as GM.
(It was later discovered that the Faculty Advisor was NOT appointed)

It should be noted that although ballots were cast in English, lisp
PostScript, /usr/lib/aliases, and csh, the most unparseable award went to an
uncommented, non-ANSI-complaint, barely understandable C program.

It should also be noted that the following vote was discarded because it was
not understandable (not Fortran enough) to the Engineering-graduated gwh:

	int choose(char *candidate) {
        	if (strcmp(candidate, "davidf")) {
                	return NO ;
	        }
        	else {
                	return YES ;
	        }
	}

Discussion was held about making ballots only valid if they showed good
programming style, well documented code, and were compilable.

During the balloting, Roy continued the traditions started by the previous
site-manager, but did not seem to be as technically-competent as cgd at
ballot-origami.

The next Board of Directors meeting will be 7 p.m. Thursday 2/13/92 in 120C
Bechtel.

	-Notes by Roy Rapoport (rsr@ocf), outgoing secretary
	-Minutes by Alan Coopersmith (alanc@ocf), acting interim secretary
	-Next week by E. Mark Ping (emarkp@ocf), newly-selected secretary
