These are the official minutes of the OCF General Meeting of February 13,
1992.  (OCF account names are listed in parentheses.  BoD members have a *
before their names.)

These people signed the attendance sheet:

				
   Name (login)			
   ------------			
*Roy Rapoport (rsr)		--Site manager
*Alan Coopersmith (alanc)
*E. Mark Ping (emarkp)		--Secretary
*Kinshuk Govil (kinshuk)
*David Paschich (dpassage)
*Nicholas C. Weaver (nweaver)
 Partha S. Banerjee (psb)
*Adam J. Richter (adam)		--General Manager
*Keir Morgan (kmorgan)
 George William Herbert (gwh)
 C. Leigh Haynes (haynes)

Adam opened the meeting at (about) 7:10 and Roy was asked to report on his
first wonderful week as Site Manager.

Roy mentioned the hardware changes which took place last Saturday morning
(which are outlined in the following excerpt from his letter to staff).

-A)  8 of sandstorm's 16 megs have been moved to typhoon, which makes typhoon
-    the super-duper 24 meg machine.  From personal experience, I can tell
-    you that typhoon is kicking a** right now.
-
-B)  We changed the color monitors on both typhoon and tornado to black and
-    white monitors.
-C)  We put the master copy of the registry on bigbang, and made it so that
-    only bigbang has a slave registry.
-
-D)  We plan to move mail processing from plague to typhoon
-
-
-This seems to be pretty nice.  I'm logged on to typhoon right now, and it's
-amazingly fast.

Also, the board was informed of the addition of a new group to the ocf.  It
is composed of those who are persons of clue ("clue" for short), but don't
want to (or aren't trusted to) be on staff.

[Note: the phrase "sexual harassment" used in these minutes is NOT the legal
 definition.  Rather it means "harassment of a sexual nature."]

The sexual harassment issue was briefly outlined -- Roy contacted Brian
Harvey, shut off the offender's account, and was wondering if he should 
contact sysadmins at the other sites which the offender sent mail from.
[see end of document for more on this subject]

Adam wishes to start a weekly donation report, and in that spirit, George
spoke briefly about his efforts.  He said he'd established a contact at
Dell, and that they're starting their donations fairly soon, but things
may take a while.  Everex apparantly is a dead end.

Dave P. mentioned that one thing we need to get with any donated equipment
is a service agreement.

Keir said that we couldn't close the OCF bank account without the account
number since the clueless teller couldn't find the account with the
complicated names like "OCF" or "Open Computing Facility."  Dave P. mentioned
that the CSUA had tons of bank statements for the account so the number
should be easy to get.

[SISG stands for "Student Initiated Service Group"]
Adam then gave an update on the SISG situation.  He said it is looking
positive.  Partha wanted to know exactly what was expected to become a
SISG group, and Adam said he'd get more info about the SISG guidelines.

Jon presented his stats from the Great Experiment, drawing the conclusion
that shutting down Hailstorm and putting its memory in Sandstorm actually
improved performance for the pair (i.e. less than half the disk and net
read/writes occurred, while about the same average number of people were
using Sandstorm as used both it and its partner before the G.E.).  He
suggested that this be done with all the diskless terminals (except one for
experimental purposes).  He further punctuated this by stating that problems
were continuing in the OCF because "The OCF has a self-esteem problem.  It
knows it doesn't work)."

Discussion about Jon's suggestion began, as people argued whether or not
it would be a good idea to leave the diskless up as terminals only.  It
was pointed out that the number of staff necessary to keep the diskless
running often approached 50% of the people present in the cluster, defeating
the purpose of keeping the disklesses up.  Roy pointed out the fact that 
Staffers have normal user rights also.  [Note:  Not pointed out at the
meeting.  During the testing time, Sandstorm could only support a maximum
of 16 users, whereas Sandstorm and Hailstorm together can take 32 -- Sandstorm
should be able to be modified to handle 32 users, but wasn't for the G.E.]

Toner cartridges are cluttering up space, and the board decided to try
to recycle them (about 15) for some free ones (about 2), instead of
getting money directly from the recycling and buying more.  Dave P. asked
if the ASUC had a toner recycling plan -- it will be looked into.

A somewhat heated discussion of printer policy ensued after asking the
question: "Should printers be allowed to be used as photocopiers?"
Many of those present felt that the printers shouldn't be used to do
something that could be done for 4 cents a page (or whatever) over at a
copy center.  Nothing productive was accomplished and it was decided
 to simply tell users when they were doing stupid or inconsiderate
 printing jobs.

This is where the fun started.
For the rest of the meeting, the board argued about policy regarding sexual
harrassment through e-mail.  In particular, the current situation.  Most
of the discussion centered around whether the OCF should report the alleged
activities, or should let the offended party follow up the situation herself.
After very emotional exchanges, the board decided to let Roy handle it,
with the guidelines that he should suggest that the offended party contact
the university about these matters, and that Roy as SM could send
corroborating letters.

The meeting was then adjourned (although Adam left at 9:00, and debate
continued for several minutes afterward).  The next meeting will be on
February 20, in 120C Bechtel.


  -E. Mark Ping, OCF Secretary (secretary@ocf)


