These are the UNOFFICIAL minutes of the gathering of the OCF Board of
Directors on February 27, 1992.  These are only the un-official minutes.
In the event these had been declared official minutes they would have been
posted to msgs and ucb.org.ocf, where the official minutes currently are
located (along with /usr/local/OCF/Minutes/02.27.92).

Board members believed to be in the room for a substantial amount of time:
	Adam Richter <gm@ocf>
	Roy S. Rapoport <s-and-m@ocf>
	Alan Coopersmith <alanc@ocf>
	David Paschich <dpassage@eden>
	Eddy Karat <karat@ocf>
	Kinshuk Govil <kinshuk@ocf>
	Kier Morgan <money-bags@ocf>

Other people sighted in 120 Bechtel that evening were:
	Chris Jain <cjain@ocf>
	Adam Glass <glass@chaos.org>
	George William Herbert <gwh@lurnix.com>
	Leigh Haynes <haynes@info>
	Partha S. Banerjee <psb@Berkeley.edu>
	Sean Welch <welch@xcf>

People who made a brief cameo appearance to distribute the "Proceedings of
the Chrono-Causal Contentions Committee":
	Jon Blow <cccc@xcf>

The meeting was scheduled to start at 7:00, but Roy decided to wait to do
anything useful until Adam Richter arrived to take charge of things.  While
waiting the conversation wound through several subjects, including the 21st
birthday of Dave "User Privacy Champion" Paschich, the whole Roy/Euphrasia/
"Why is there a cat in 238?" thing, and whether or not staff should be
instructed to shoot Rob Menke for the good of cluster.

Leigh brought up the question of why the UCF was mentioned in the OCF
constitution, and Alan followed up with the question of "Who was the UCF
anyway?"  Adam Glass, with help from the crowd, described the history of the
UCF and the WEB's beginnings.  George mentioned that both subjects would be
covered in his upcoming "An Overglorified History of the OCF".

Changing the wording of various parts of the Constitution was discussed.
Sean Welch mentioned that a well-written Constitution would not be truly
representative of the OCF.  Partha mentioned he had no problems with changes
in the main body of the Constitution, as long as they were not amendments.
Partha also suggested requiring that all copies of the Constitution be
laser-printed.  A certain line-printer user in the audience expressed her
opinion on the matter by telling Partha to [censored for the sake of our
younger readers - Hi Nick!].

After Adam arrived, the meeting got into the really useful bits.  We
discussed commercial use of the OCF machines, and whether or not we should
allow people to post ads to UseNet.  A Famous Usenet Personality was
consulted, and it was determined that although the "Usenet Rules" are not
written down anywhere, and no-one knows exactly what they are, everyone on
the net knows the rules and most people follow them.  (And you wonder how
Usenet got to be the way it is today...)

The concept of allowing commercial use as long as the OCF got a 10% cut was
discussed (although the concept of buying a new cluster from the first
poster to alt.drugs was not).  Partha suggested selling lines in the login
message to Malt Liquor companies.  Partha later claimed a trademark on
"self-attenuation (tm)".

Sproul's regulations for Student Groups were brought up and much more
discussion was held.

The non-board unanimously agreed on the following policy:
	Use of the OCF for an ongoing business is prohibited.
	WE WILL STOP YOU.

The actual board debated for a bit longer and formed a consensus on:
	Use of the OCF for an ongoing business is prohibited.
	Notice will result in such use being stopped.

It was decided to have staff bring a new account form to next week's meeting
that says "use this account within a month or it will be nuked."

The EJC budget was discussed, along with the fact we want part of it.  The
forms must be filed by March 12 to get money for next year.

People there thought it would be a "Good Thing (tm)" if someone would
collect all the OCF policies and rewrite them into a nice document.

Maragaret was not explicitly mentioned during the course of the evening,
but her name was constantly on everyone's mind as it had been written on
the chalkboard.  Jon Blow (during his brief cameo appearance) declared 
that writing the name on the board was an act of sacrilege.

Random Quotes from Random People at Random Points during the evening:
---------------------------------------------------------------------

"I've never had to take a class more than twice" - rsr

"If Adam gets to be god, can I be the Holy Ghost?" - psb

"Morality does not change with the time of day."

"The first in a series of traditions that never continued."

"I think that sounds really lame and not dealing with the issue
	- but other than that I'm in consensus." - welch

---------------------------------------------------------------------

These have been the unofficial minutes.  We now return you to your
regularly scheduled junk mail.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
* "self-attenuation" is a trademark of Partha S. Banerjee and has been
	used in this document without his permission.  Sue me.
