These are the official minutes for the OCF Board of Directors meeting of
5 March, 1992.

The following people attended:

Name			(login)
----			-------
*Adam Richter		adam		-- General Manager
*Roy Rapoport		rsr		-- Site Manager
*Mark Ping		emarkp		-- Secretary
*Alan Coopersmith	alanc
*Kinshuk Govil		kinshuk
*Nicholas Weaver	nweaver
*Peter Norby		norby
*Keir Morgan		kmorgan
*Eddy Karat		karat
 Leigh Haynes		haynes
 Raja Kushalnagar	raja
 Christopher Jain	cjain
 Stan Malyshev		stas
 Sean Welch		welch
 Jon Blow		blojo

The meeting was called to order at 7:10 pm.

Roy (Site Manager) began by updating the board about Earthquake's hard disk.
It crashed and needed to be invol'ed.  Accounts on Earthquake were moved to
other disks before this procedure.

Roy asked about whether to report about sutting off accounts sharing
accounts.  DON'T SHARE ACCOUNTS PEOPLE!!!

Adam mentioned that our budget was due for the SISG's by March 12, and our
EJC budget is due at about the same time.

Leigh and Chris asked to be on the board and were voted in with no
objections.  

Adam wanted to waive the $10 fee for the mblgs (Multicultural Bisexual,
Lesbian and Gay Studies) group account.  A debate ensued regarding the fee
for group accounts.  It was felt by some that it is necessary, whereas
others felt that since the fees were almost always waived, that there was no
need not to waive it in this particular case.  It was eventually decided
that in this case the fee payment would be postponed until the OCF had a
bank account to put the money in (through ASUC or otherwise).

It was also decided that someone would find the old minutes from a previous
meeting in which the fee was decided upon and post it (which Alan has kindly
done already).

Discussion began about changes to the OCF Constitution (grammar mostly) and
the OCF User Policy began.  It was realized that no official changes could
be made outside of a General Meeting, so it was agreed to schedule a General
Meeting to occur two weeks from the current Board Meeting -- so, GENERAL
MEETING on Thursday, March 19; that's the Thursday before Spring Break.

Meeting was adjourned then at about 8:30.

	E. Mark Ping
	OCF Secretary (secretary@ocf)

