            The Minutes of the OCF General Meeting of March 19, 1992
            ========================================================
 
Those attending:
      Adam Richter (GM)           Kinshuk Govil              Eddy Karat
      Alan Coopersmith            Chris Jain                 Chris Williams
      Leigh Haynes                Peter Norby                Dan Wallach
      Partha S. Banerjee          Sean Welch                 David Paschich
 
Adam Richter opened the meeting with a multimedia presentation (he talked
while we watched an overhead projector) on the OCF's organizational
structure.  Brian Harvey was nominated for Faculty Sponsor and was
unanimously approved.
 
Adam continued the meeting with a discussion of where the OCF is and where
it was going.  David & Partha debated whether the OCF should have an
ideology or a mission.  Adam described his visions of the OCF's purpose and
what he was doing as General Manager to promote them.  Adam reported on his
meeting with IST Vice Provost Curtis Hardyck to discuss getting donations to
the OCF.  Adam is working with Hardyck to get the OCF an opportunity to make
a presentation before the Chancellor's Campus Computing Policy Board.
 
Adam then opened the meeting to questions and discussion about what the
assemblage thought of what the OCF was doing and what they thought it should
be doing better.  Leigh suggested making revisions to the User Policy
document and it was decided that people would comment on revisions and
report to the next board meeting.  Partha brought up the subject of getting
more publicity for the next General Meeting and discussion followed on the
subject of getting more people involved in the OCF.  Discussion also ensued
on what the OCF should be doing to make the computers more usable and Adam
suggested that people try the Andrew Toolkit demo. (To run the demo on one
of the OCF's X-windows consoles, run the following commands:
	xhost +
	xset fp+ /usr/X11/lib/fonts/andrew
	finger run-demo@atk.itc.cmu.edu )
 
Very little was decided except that Adam and the Board should look into
various things and that there needed to be more people at the next General
Meeting. (Although Partha was able to agree with both Sean and Dan at
seperate points during the meeting.)
 
	-Alan Coopersmith
	alanc@ocf.berkeley.edu
	Secretary, OCF Board of Directors (secretary@ocf)
