
      The Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting of April 2, 1992
      ==================================================================

Board Members attending: (11 Members, Quorum = 7.666666....)
      	Adam Richter (GM)           	Kinshuk Govil
      	Roy S. Rapoport (SM)        	Nicholas Weaver
      	Eddy Karat                  	Peter Norby
      	Kier Morgan                 	Alan Coopersmith

Non-Board Members attending:
	George William Herbert		Sean Welch
	Karl H. Thiessen

[Note: 	Hans Reiser and David Paschich have been dropped from the board for
	non-attendance.]

GM Report:
	Adam reported that he is still working with Professor Hardyck 
	to set up a meeting with the Campus Computing and Communications
	Policy Board (CCCPB).  The meeting will probably be sometime
	after Hardyck returns to campus in a couple of weeks.

	Adam reported that the donation of dead apollos from ComDisco 
	was almost complete, with delivery expected Friday April 3.
	Nory Ison of IST has given us permission to have this equipment
	in the WEB even though it is not university property.

	Adam, Roy, and a couple of other OCF representatives will be meeting
	with reps from HP/apollo on April 15.  We will be asking for
	an extension on our service contract and as much else as they are
	willing to donate.

New Business:
	George suggested we start a donation campaign like the successful
	one that was run at ucscb.ucsc.edu.   Users would be asked to 
	donate a dollar or so each (or as much as they want) towards the
	purchase of new hard disks.  Making a donation would not give a
	user any special benefits (other than a "warm, fuzzy feeling" from
	knowing they helped the cluster) and users would also not be 
	discriminated against in any way for not contributing.

	It was decided that the OCF will soon begin accepting contributions
	to a hardware buying fund.  Unless a major disk donation happens,
	as soon as the fund has enough money to buy another hard disk, it 
	will be used for that purpose.  The fund will stay around to buy
	future hardware until the point in which there are not enough funds
	to buy hardware and donations have stopped coming in, at which point
	any remaining funds will be transferred to the OCF General Fund.

	Exact details, including how to make donations will be announced
	soon (probably after the next board meeting).  

	Discussion over moving the board meetings to a better time was
	discussed.  A better time could not easily be defined, so it was
	decided that roy would conduct a survey to find the best time.  
	[To participate, send mail before Thursday to bod-meeting-times@ocf
	with a list of what times you can & can't attend.]

	A discussion over the relative evil-ness of sharing accounts was
	held, but nothing was decided.

	Kier (EJC rep) reported that the Engineering Joint Council is
	preparing for the upcoming E-Week.  Among many other activities, a
	number of computer companies will have reps on campus that we can
	beg for donations.


	-Alan Coopersmith
	alanc@ocf.Berkeley.edu
	Secretary, OCF Board of Directors
