Back by popular demand, it's...
			The WAY UNOFFICIAL MINUTES
          of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting of April 16, 1992
      ===============================================================

[The inclusion of something in these minutes should not be construed
	as implying that such events ever actually did or will happen.]

Board Members attending: [10 Members, Quorum = 6.666...]
      	Adam Richter (adam) [GM]       	Chris Jain (cjain)
      	Roy S. Rapoport (rsr) [!SM]    	Nicholas Weaver (nweaver)
      	Eddy Karat (karat)            	Peter Norby (norby)
      	Keir Morgan (kmorgan)           Alan Coopersmith (alanc)

People added to the board at the meeting:
	Adam Glass (glass@postgres)	David Friedman (davidf)
	Sean Welch (welch@xcf)		Donald Kubasak (kube@soda)
	Tom Moore (moray)		David Paschich (dpassage@eden)

Non-Board Members attending:
	Dan Wallach (dwallach)		
	Billy H. Chan (bhchan)
	Karl H. Thiessen (karlht)
	Partha S. Banerjee, Esq. (!psb)
	George William Herbert (gwh)	
	Lee Thompson-William_Herbert (clueles@ocf, gwh-owner@ocf)


General Manager's Report:
	Adam, Professor Harvey, and several other random people met with
	representatives from Hewlett-Packard on Wed. the 15th.  Adam
	described the meeting as having "went well".  They might give us
	a software contract, but unless we wanted to waste thousands of 
	dollars, the hardware support will be going away soon.

Old Business:
	George asked what the status was of the donations campaign.  The
	board reached the general consesus that no one had actually gotten
	around to doing anything about it yet.

New Business:
	Adam brought up the concept of starting a reregistration drive now.
	The assemblage laughed and told him it was a good joke.  

	Next Thursday's general meeting was discussed.  People are looking
	into publicity, and possible sources of food.  Keir will talk to
	the EJC about the chances of a barbecue bonanza.

	At this point the board voted to add new members.  Candidates were
	asked about their intentions in joining the board.  The CSUA
	politburo defendend their candicacy with "The CSUA has Parallel 
	Goals".  They were told soda's studliness was not at question.

	Board members were allowed to cast votes against people to prevent
	their addition.  With 7 members voting (4 votes needed to not be
	added), the results of the secret ballot were:
		glass	  1		davidf	  1
		welch	  1		kube	  1
		moray	  1		dpassage  3
	Dave was given an Honorary Membership in the Nick Weaver Hall of
	Fame for coming within 1 vote of not being added.  The usually
	vocal Partha had only one comment about adding these people:
		 "Roy's ass is grass"

	Norby made his entrance here with "Boy that was a fun midterm, I'm
	glad someone told me before I missed it."

	At this point Nick and Eddy left stating they did not want to
	"participate in a Holy Thursday crucifixion."  
	[I believe this is an unfair comparision.  Consider the differences:
	 Jesus:				Roy:
	 ------------------------	--------------------------------
	 Born in Israel			Born in Israel
	 Son of a Jewish wall-builder	Son of a Jewish mall-builder
	 Whereabouts in his teens	Believed to have disappeared into
	  and 20's unknown		 the WEB for his teens and 20's
	 Returned from the dead		(Unknown until after Thursday's
	  a week later				General Meeting)
	There are no similarities whatsoever.....]

	Roy was accused of acting like a CSUA officer at this point (being
	unfriendly to new users and being extremely silly around others)

	People discussed whether Roy's actions on the network caused
	difficulties with his relationships as SM with fellow SysAdmins.
	Also discussed was if Roy's image affected people's opinions of
	the OCF and if the OCF's image was being tarnished by Roy's
	continued existance as Site Manager.

	The board decided that there were three possible actions they could
	take without waiting for a General Meeting:
		- No action - roy stays sm
		- Censure - roy stays sm, but the board disapproves of him
		- Ask for a resignation

	After much debate, Dave Paschich introduced a motion to have the
	board ask for Roy's resignation.  A vote was taken by secret 
	ballot and the results were 7-5 in favor of asking Roy to resign.

	Roy tendered a verbal resignation with a promise of a written one
	within an hour of the end of the meeting.

	Under the constitution, an Interim Site Manager needed to be selected
	by the OCF Decision Making Process to serve until a General Meeting.
	Adam suggested that the board select one instead of having the GM
	appoint a replacement.  Alan Coopersmith was nominated and voted
	into the position.

	A General Meeting is scheduled for Thursday, April 21 at 7:00
	in Sibley Auditorium.
		

	-Alan Coopersmith
	alanc@ocf.Berkeley.edu
	Secretary, OCF Board of Directors
