Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
asai
awelty
baisang
bchieng
carterturn
chenvincent
dkessler
ethanhs
ethlu
exiang
jvperrin
keur
kpengboy
mcint
nikitnainwal
shasan
shaurya
shichenh
tanx
tonysitu
vaibhavj

Guests in attendance:
wporr*
hyang

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 13

Meeting Started at 19:10

* 6564: summer renting to GSE
Context of the conversation today:
1. We can't do it this year.
2. We can't stand the precedent of doing this free (again) in future years.

- Why is ASUC causing trouble here?
 - They're a non-profit, and are not allowed (by University rules governing use of MLK) to generate rent from space.

- (!! another reason to seek independence of OCF)
- Want to charge.
- Precedent for RSOs / ASUC.
- Buying computer time vs Renting space -> no. not allowed. & against Open OCF principle.
- ASUC claimed blame for wanting the contract, and said it would not be easier in future years.

No: - ~3-5
Voting yes:
1. take $600 - 1
2. take security deposit - put into charity - 8
3.* higher security deposit -> with higher non-refundable component: $10k security deposit - 11


* 7186: Proposed purcahses for ABSA
due this weekend!
> what's our stance for this year?

- Let's stockpile desktop parts.  (Let's do a statistical analysis of breakage timing, shipping delay, and replacement time.
- Buying an NFS host.

Real discussion next week.


* 7189: ASUC hardware
future datathon prize. Salvage usage.

baisang
awelty
asai?
ethanhl?
mcint



Meeting Adjourned at 20:07

Notetaker: mcint
