Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
abizer
asai
awelty
baisang
bchieng
bzh
carterturn
dkessler
gleeb
kpengboy
mcint
mdcha
nikitnainwal
quincyhuynh
raymondng
shasan
shaurya
shichenh
tanx
tonysitu
vaibhavj
wporr

Guests in attendance:
exiang*
hudaniel*
neeknaz*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 14

Meeting Started at 19:16

* 6792: Research new printer to buy
abizer: We will by the printer straight up, and we need to figure out how much toner we will need.

* Buy sheet:
** Cups (approved)
** Printer (approved)
** Steelcase chairs: to be discussed later
** Replacement parts for destruction (approved)
** Paper case (to be bought by shaurya, approved)
** Jiva coffee cubes (approved)
** Folding chairs (approved)

* 6645: new computer station
There is a slim ITX case that we could get, we could stack it vertically giving more desk space. But is harder to service/clean. Getting this case could be a worthwhile experiment. Choosing the slim ITX case was approved.

* 7245: hiring opstaff
Discussion about re-hiring omitted.

Historical note: first wave of hiring was done through advertising to the public. Carried out interviews, decisions were discussed at BoD based on interviewer feedback.

For next semester, we only need to fill one slot, so we will prefer a "friends and family" approach. For winter, we will need to fill more slots, so we will probably need to advertise the position publicly again.

* 7236: Discuss ASUC involvement next year
We no longer have an ASUC senator putting us on their platform.

Sahil's friend Neil McClintick does not officially have us on his platform but could still reliably help us out. Getting good relations with the ASUC could help us with getting a referendum passed.

Jenica's chief of staff, Isabella, is also running and informally agreed to help out the OCF.

* 6564: Talk about renting lab in summer
We cannot charge for wear and tear. So our only option is to withdraw mice/keyboards and make them buy their own.
  - awelty: we should avoid sunk cost fallacy and give up
  - abizer: we should still consider it, since the arrangement for them to buy their own keyboards and mice was agreed upon to be OK with GSE. Our lab should be a resource and this could help build campuswide awareness and appreciation for the OCF.
  - asai: vote yes if you're ok with them donating to charity. Voting no is not the end of the line for this, since Sam would still be interested in pursuing this next year.

Vote to pursue the MOU:
Yes: 7
Abstain: 0
No: (majority)

* 7243: new ocf apparel
Don't have a lot of time to bikeshed designs. raymondng's "street mural" design was approved. Sahil wants to turn it into a sweater or hoodie, possibly subsidized by misc funds.

BoD voted to include a hood and make the background white.

Meeting Adjourned at 20:27

Notetaker: dkessler
