----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gereral OCF Meeting
Thu Feb 27 19:14:24 PST 2003

meetings taken: sexy@ocf (lululin)

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
GM-report (cpfeyh + jeffe)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

cpfeyh:
didn't call Gateway because phone is busy->going to get trouble ticket

jeffe:
bigBang (-->mao)(debian)-->new power supply
crossOverOffice running on mao


SM-report (dwc + aoshi)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
dwc:
-palanstinian webpage thing-->complaint about 
-actually got escalated to uc office of president (involved many ppl on campus)
-our response: unless we see something that is a good reason to take it down, it stays up
-their response (ucop): it's not an official page-->not going to do anything about it
aoshi:

cpfeyh:
Has anything been done yet? Bem?

ajani:
I haven't actually done anything with the ilamp yet.  But I have cs 170 homework of doom...and so yeah.  I'll get to it this week.

cpfeyh:
you could do your cs homework on the ilamp.

Old business:
Tape Drives:
The one thing that's been done with this is that they are shipping us two tapes.  <akopps>
Don't use them in all at once akopp (jeffe)


Ajani:
Samba: script staff only page to reboot samba?

akopps:
Phone in barrows (answering machine isn't plugged in...because it was plugged into the ups and that's dead now...)

dwc:
but we have voicemail (Heller), so as long as we take the barrows number down...-->it's okay.

cpfeyh:
possibility:
Escheman (2nd floor) executive vice pres's office.

callug: we need ppl to sign up for it because it's a hostile take over

aoshi: <entrance> papers to sign, people to talk to etc.

cpfeyh:
fyi:Lavornia and jan et al are not going to be here next week:


aoshi: new staff stuff, next week after bod

katster:
-in Sims as grad student, proj management course (need to do in 208)
-looks at making a help system
-permission to interview staff and users as needed
-motion to vote: cpfeyh, second (lululin)
-officially blessed : )

cuddlez: is "offended".

Jeffe:
13 people on bod, (2/3) minimum: 8

Elections:

Chuck (ensign) and bem (ajani)--> want to be on bod

All for: everyone
All again: kui
Abstain: none

motion to close: lululin
second: everyone

Hozer, diskhozer, diskhoser, onetruehozer, onetruehoser, hoserking, hozerking-->dwc
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

for using 20% disk space on a constant basis
/var/mail/alias/alias


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Attendance: to be updated (needs to be sync'd with the paper copy)

login/real name/bod/why?

lululin/Lulu Lin/yes/because
dwc/Derek Chan/yes/
jeffe/Jeff/yes
cpfeyh/Patrick/yes
