Minutes:
05/08/2003

Draft 1

The substitute secretary apologizes in advance for the quality of these
notes.  The secretary was not in attendance and nobody noticed until part
way through.  Thus, minutes are entirely from memory, for the secretary had
no instruments of writing.


GM Report:

cpfeyh: The incoming ASUC guys came in to try to take $10,000 out of our
$25,000 budget.  I negotiated with them, and they've only cut $6000.

jeffe:  The flu caught me and I've been sick.  I'm sending the tax-exempt
papers to Dell, so we can save on taxes.

SM report:

aoshi: mao is out, replacing tsunami.  It's not completely integrated yet
(nisplus, nfs, etc).
dwc: so why have another unusable machine outside?  I thought it was completely
integrated and ready.
akopps: we can just dump the password tables onto the machines.
dwc: isn't that what directory services were for? to eliminate this pushing of tables?

dwc: a mac friend told me that the new betas of os 10.3 have nis/nisplus support put back into 10.3, it's available to some large institutions for testing.
cpfeyh: we should try to get it to test with.


Old business:

remmlluf: tape drive: I have a contact with a vendor who may be willing to help get us the tape drive splitting cost across since we don't have the required amount left in this year's budget

New business:

eek: something about a box to trade cds and tapes

Meeting adjourned

Attendance:

Bod	name	login
y	suztang
y	yeh	yehfang
y	akopps	akopps
y	soc	sajmm
y	jeff	jeffe
y	randy	aoshi
y	derek	dwc
maybe	adrian	adrian
n	david	remlluf
y	chuck	ensign
y	kui	mlich
y	brett	bac
y	cpfeyh	cpfeyh
