Board of Directors meeting Oct 2, 2012
7:22
Held at Hearst Gym, Conference Room 2C

Directors in attendance:
Kenny
Timothy
Raphael
Sanjay
Emily
Kevin
Paulina
Nicole
Brandon
Loren
Dara
Felix
Minyoon

New additions to BoD:
Nolan
Nader

No on BoD:
Rishi

== Additions to BoD ==

Motion to add Nolan and Nader.  No objections.

== Account Tools ==

Sanjay - Account tools.  Need to re-program account tools.  Mainly programming assignment.  Addressed mainly to Nader.

Nader - Will work on approve.py

*Deliberations ensue, sidetracking BoD for a while*

== Raspberry Pi's ==

Loren - Small, low power, inexpensive devices

Dara - Purchasing 2 pi's, cost approx $50 per unit.

Sanjay - Is this going to be something we buy and is just going to sit around?

Dara - Would be for use for staff and users

Emily - How much money do we have?

Dara - We have $20,000 per year.  More than half of that last year went to printing ($14,000).

Raphael - Not much of an investment.

Sanjay - Yes, so not much of an objection

Dara - So purchase one.

*Deliberations ensue, plurality agrees on purchasing 1 pi*

Dara - Allocate $60 to purchase one raspberry pi and accessories.

== Voting for Real™ election ==

Dara - Register to vote!  Can do it online.

Sanjay - Machine learning, tracking spread of voting for propositions.  Around 600 participating, potential for ocf involvement.

== Quota exceptions ==

Dara - Currently 1 user with increased quota exception (3 GB)

Dara - Theta Tau requesting increased space to 15 GB

Sanjay - Crunched for space, do increases in blocks of 1 or 2 GB

Dara - Ask them to come in to request 1 or 2 GB more if necessary

== Additional lab material ==

Dara - We have excess monitors, should we add additional monitors?

Sanjay - Desk space is very valuable, maybe have one row

Dara - Adding more machines?

Sanjay - Already fairly cramped, don't think it is very valuable

Kevin - Powerstrips?

Sanjay - Yes

Dara - Meant for computers, devices?

Kevin - Combination of both

Sanjay - Purchase 3?

Loren - $300 to purchase power outlets

*Unanimous approval for purchase of power outlets*

== Printing lab ==

Dara - We are the only campus organization offering free printing to entire student body.  Reach large portion of student body.

Dara - Because of high traffic, should increase awareness of propositions to get students to vote.  Must be un-biased.  Can use sanjay's machine learning program to track registration to vote.  This would allow tracking of how well ocf gets the word out.

Dara - So post in lab about registering to vote with customized ml link.  Must be non-partisan.

*Unanimous approval for posting in lab about ability to register to vote*

== Buying CDs ==

Kevin - Buy blank CDs, DVDs

Dara - Motion to allocate $20 for purchase of pack of blank CDs, and pack of blank DVDs.  Also, 2 packs of rewritables.

Sanjay - Table for now… Need to consider flash drives

*Meeting unanimously adjourned at 8:30*
