OCF Bod Minutes for 12-7-00

Bod Present:
jtsai, akopps, wyc, drew, stephhou, gmg, ajani, ceugene, calman, bac, smcc,
cpfeyh, eek

Non-bod:
jacqueli

quorum = 12

GM report: patrick says he talked to is&t re: a/c. we can write arg about
why we need it in lab & give it to tom cordi's supers. capital projects
$38000 estimate based on them doing it. maybe modify outside of building
for cheaper? can bring in outside contractors.

SM report: mars 2012 class account? does not fall under any existing
account types. cisco switch is here and up and it's w/o strings. manual is
in machine room. warning: takes 15-20 sec to boot the switch. academic
donation from sun: ultra50 server. machine room disc. later.

assistants next semester? job fair? $24,000 we have to pay back. there was
talk about not being supported by is&t, access to berkeley licenses.

new business:
akopps leaving for break. all root gone. what happens? machine room access.
akopps wants to make it root-only. food problems in room. need desk in
machine room to use if not restricted to root. too much stuff in there.
almost unanimous support for allowing staff access to room.

general lab rules. akopps says no food except at designated desk. storage
room needed for stuff... where to put old sparcs? akopps made a list of
what to buy. "sun shelf" for $600. Chatsworth Shelves 4 x $140, UPS's
expensive. $650 x 4, ~$2000, $4000 for network upgrade? contacted John
Crowley. problem: is&t wants to run dns server. we need to talk to them
about that.

calman: budget goes to server costs? users never notice. smcc: users can
notice servers being down. calman: spent $20 for usb cable. wants
reimbursement.

akopps says: should get some keyboards for sun and mice too. from sun $40
mice. from  workstation.net: $45 mouse and keyboard combo. used? sun scsi
adapter for $500. total sun purchases $1500.

akopps says: setting Gateways as login machines? samba 2.2 would work with
win2k. but password sync might not work. ajani says we'll wait till
everything supports w2k.  Netware Directory serv. works... but would cost
money. and runs on java. and is proprietary. smcc says we would prefer open
source. problem: make windows machines more consistant. could ghost out an
image from server room. maybe automated w2k install? hostnames changed.

dealing with paperwork regarding donated sun server.


