			 OCF General Meeting
			 November 30th, 2000

Board members present:
	Bem Jones-Bey		(ajani)
	Akop Pogosian		(akopps) (sm)
	Brett Cannon		(bac)
	Eugene Chan		(ceugene)
	Patrick Feyh		(cpfeyh) (co-gm)
	Andrew Cheng		(drew)
	Eugene Kim		(eek)
	Gabriel Gonzales	(gmg)
	Ivan Jen		(ivan)
	Jeff Emrich		(jeffe)
	Jiong Shen		(jshen)
	John C. Tsai		(jtsai)
	Stephen McCamant	(smcc) (co-gm)
	Stephanie Hou		(stephou)
	Suzie Tang		(suztang)
        
Board members absent:
	Stephen Callahan	(calman)
	Jeremy Lin		(jjlin)
	Wayne Chan		(wyc)

The meeting was opened at about 7:15pm

Administrative Details

	There were no volunteers to take minutes, so by the
	note-taking rotation, Suzie Tang was conscripted.

	The timing of the remaining meetings for the fall semester was
	discussed. Bem motioned that the meeting on December 7th
	should be the last, and Brett seconded. The measure passed
	with three abstentions.

	The presentation by Jubilee Restoration was put off, because
	their representative was not present.

Reports

	General Manager

	Patrick has started to look into getting phone service for the 
	lab. The current plan is to have a campus-only phone out in
	the lab, and a phone that can call out in the server room.
	It appears that all we'll have to pay is the usual Pacific
	Bell charges, so phone service may no be as expensive as we
	were worried. We'll try to get have the lab phone be our
	historic 3-0700 number.

	Patrick bought some mice from the ASUC students store to
	replace some of the broken Gateway mice. Andrew wants to get
	replacements for the broken mice from the Gateway Country
	store in downtown, but he needs the paperwork from the
	donation. He says Ken said he gave the papers to Stephen McC,
	who denies any knowledge.

	Our initial estimate for air conditioning from the campus
	capital projects group was $38,000, which is more than
	expected, in part because it includes the cost of drilling
	through the concrete floor slab to connect to a condenser unit 
	in the basement. Because this exceeds the amount we raised
	from the ASUC, we'll either need to find another funding
	source, or find a more cost-effective cooling scheme.

	Site Manager

	Akop hasn't done much since the last meeting, since he was out 
	of town for vacation. Our networking switch arrived from
	Gateway, but he hasn't yet had time to set it up.

Old Business

	Collecting SIDs

	Relaying a suggestion from Luns, Stephen McC. said that we
	could make it easier to run rereg in the future if we
	collected users' student ID numbers to use in verifying their
	registration status. To do this, he believes we'd need to
	obtain the users' permission on the account form. The reasons
	for rereg were discussed, and it was agreed that it was not
	currently a high priority. No action was taken.

	Reserving Workstations

	Several staff members discussed the problems that can occur
	when users leave the lab while using a computer, and then
	expect to have it available when they return. There was some
	discussion on how long it was acceptable for users to be gone, 
	with some suggestions that no time at all be allowed. The
	difficulties of user education were mentioned. Bem motioned
	that Eugene K. be allowed to create signs informing users
	about this issue. Eugene seconded, and the motion carried
	unanimously.

	Virtual Hosting

	Akop asked about our policy requiring virtual-hosted web pages 
	to carry a button linking to the OCF. He hasn't yet started to 
	enforce it; Eugene C. has made a button, but Akop hadn't seen
	it. Akop is also considering changing the web server log
	format to record which virtual host was used on any given
	transaction, but he's worried about increasing the already
	sizeable space used by web log files.

New Business

	Staff Meetings

	It's been suggested that the OCF return to having staff
	meetings separate from the Board of Directors meetings, to
	have discussions of more technical topics and reduce the
	length of BoD meetings. Akop suggested that these take the
	place of one BoD meeting a month, but it was decided that it
	was too early to schedule meetings for next semester. Bem
	moved to table this subject until next semester, and Suzie
	seconded.

	Referendum Fundraising	

	In discussions with Arian White of the ASUC, it was suggested
	to Ken the we attempt to raise money with a referendum on the
	ASUC elections ballot, creating a new student fee going
	directly to the OCF. Ivan explained how such a measure would
	work, including what it would need to pass. If we asked for
	one dollar from every student, we could raise about $27,000 a
	year, but one drawback would be that the ASUC might be less
	likely to allocate us money from their budget. This issue too
	was tabled.

The meeting was adjourned at 8:36pm.


