OCF BOD MINUTES 10-19-00 
(warning these minutes are long, but consider
yourself lucky, they were even longer to take)

PEOPLE IN ATTENDANCE:
akopps 
bac 
calman 
ceugene
cpfeyh
drew
eek
gmg
ivan
jeffe
jjlin
jtsai
kenao
michaelj *
smcc
stephhou
suztang
wyc

* = not on board at begining of meeting

meeting opened at 10 after 7
we get off to a running start with gmg offering to take notes [bod
ovation]. smcc says we still need some kind of rotation for note taking
for future bod meetings. 

public static void GM_REPORT(){
GM's(smcc and cpfeyh) have a meeting next tuesday with ASUC AUX head
honcho Tom Cordi and Javier from Publications to talk about MOU's and that
sort of thing. Money issues -- Do we get money from the Eshelman master
plan? [the unwashed BOD masses comment that ivan will be comming soon]
[calman enters stage left].
cpfeyh has a meeting with the affable Terri Mathers tomorrw (thats today
10/20) to talk about the A/C and removing some windows or not. Petty cash
reimbursments are avaliable on the 4th floor of eshelman.
[random BOD whining]....
Commenting on the daily cal article; there were almost no factual
inaccuracies. "Omissions" suztang comments.
}

(eval SM_Report)
(print (Akopps says that the friday disk changing excursion (smcc was in
attendance) on the Integrix was an utter failure, mainly because it doesnt
take the disk we have.Instead they replaced the mostly dead cpu fan &&
installed fast ethernet adapter. There was a net outage on campus sunday
that knocked out most of the UCB net. Akopps wisely took this time to
install patch clusters on our pretty Barrows machines sunday. Luns made an
appearence a few days ago AND brought some crossover ethernet cable so now
TA DA.. FAMINE can talk to WAR at 100mbps. mail checking is now faster on
famine. Akopps commented on how "flaky" but NOT how "moist" and
"chewy" the ultra1's were. That rouge gateway also was put back in
Barrows. Luns took some bad cpu fans and got their connectors and soldered
them onto two other fans. One will go into conquest and the other we will
keep for the future. our new disk for the /opt/local/src directory will be
war's old 4 gig disk, used externally. Akopps was also concerned that the
CNS (campus networking) guy was never there when he called. Conspiracy???
)
The OLD Biz-ness
finishing up this nasty hostname business. smcc originally suggested
alphabetical steup for the ultra1's. 
[calman talks to ajani on his cell phone][BOD says "Hi"]
[cue joke by calman][enter eek].
smcc said that luns said that alphabetical was too boring and that akopps
agreed. smcc eventually made a thematic setup for the ultra1's. People now
agree that the best naming scheme for the gateways is an alphabetical
one. BOD consensus is alphabetical scheme. 
[eek abuses some chairs, badly]
Allowing people to get accounts faster?[BOD berets our userbase]
calman whats to run soffice as a desktop for the ultra1's because users
are stupid and it looks like m$ windoze 98. akopps comments on how the new
soffice is faster. smcc is aiming high to get gnome working ontha suns.
[secretary note suns=ultra1's for you unenlighented minutes reading
people]
[random staff babbling]
calman says most peeps dont use the suns, many board people disagree and
Akop says that we will have logins for windoze soon.
calman wants more colorful suns. but many people say that it cost too much
bread. smcc says "suns suck".
Someone brings up accounts being created faster to appease users. smcc
throws around some ideas brought up at the last meeting [go read those
mintues hot dammint I wasnt there]. smcc says we have to balance the
tradeoff between faster accounts and other technical and security
issues. calman comments on how busy the staff is and how he approved 13
accounts singlehandly in one day.
[we make jokes about avoiding users]
suztang="I speak no english"
calman says he is bitter twoard users.
BOD agrees that we need a sign that says staff are volunteers(probably
mispelled that).
drew thinks that instant account creation is a bad idea.
Mostly eveyone agrees that the account forms should be redone to decrease
error in filling them out.
Akopps adds that we need an automated new user email message.
[more talk][eek says somthing funny][we laugh]
smcc says that there are technical solutions to this problem but they wont
happen overnight and that he will look into expediting account creation.

Akop is going to change to the IP addresses and hostnames, warns the
windoze boxes may not work. calman says to let us know what IPs to set the
windoze boxes to. 
EECS RESERVATIONS. Tom Cordi wants an MOU done up.
we argue on how to make the machines exclusive for eecs.
after some bantering its agreed that the best way would be to make signs
[people comment that this is eeks job]
we now have to decide on the number of machines. Patrick reminds us that
EECS did give us money, machines and disk arrays. 
We now vote for what the sign would say by simple majority vote
reserved (9)
exculsive (1)
priority (4)
RESERVED wins it, it is now in EEK's hands to make the signs.
next vote is for number of machines to reserve for eecs by simple majority
"5" (12)
"7" (0)
"10" (3)
5 machines reserved wins it.

drew says that he got up part of our massive disk array. 144 gigs to be
exact.
calman says that this happens to be mounted onto plauge, but drew did
that as well [applause for drew abounds]
drew says that mikeh helped him in reminding him that SCSI must be
terminated.
[random grumblings about hoserchat]

Should we leave monitors on for the ultra1's?
[we make fun of users]
cons: they might burn in and they make the room hotter
pros: well winter is coming.
smcc says burn is a LONG TERM process.
{bod does some incomprehensible chatter}
akopps suggests a sticker on the power button so people wont turn off the
power to the suns 
jeffe motions (the first of the night , yay) that we leave the monitor on,
many BOD members second
vote by acclaimation(sp? anyone)
akopps votes nay
calman abstains 
everyone else votes "I" 
motion passes
SHOULD WE LOOSEN LOGIN RESTRICTIONS FOR USERNAMES?
Numbers in usernames?
calman motions to allow numbers in usernames only for new accounts and
old users cannot change their name to include numbers. smcc doesnt like
this idea, motion not seconded. numbers are still unokay. 
ivan -- about cooling the lab, we should goto the ASUC for money. but he
needs a wishlist with quotes for stuff. shoot for A/C and alarms at about
20k. cpfeyh will be in direct contact about the A/C matter concerning
quotes. 
KEN asks if we should get fans at COstco on monday. consensus is that fans
should be bought.
<some fan jokes>
ivan motions that there should be a discretionary fund not to exceed 150
US dollars to buy fans at COstco under kenao's discretion. passed by
acclaimation
4 abstentions.
calman vents on printing issues 
[more paper and toner rantings]
akopps by mistake locked the printer controls.
its agreed people are abusing free printing.
[more venting on printing issues]
akopps will install software with print accounting
[yet even more venting on printing issues]
comment that weve gone through more than 12k pages.
eek says cant we split it up by day
suztang says to take all the paper out
we agree that users wont read signs
DOOR LOCK ISSUES
[people throw out some suggesstions]
nothing is decided on
we may put in the doorknob ourseleves
<more discussion on printing issues>
calman worries about gettin beat up by angry users
cpfeyh motions to disable prinitng on the windoze machinesfora week.
eek seconds the motion.
<more printing jokes>
vote by acclaimation 2 nays and 3 abstentions
ivan wants a vote by hands
9 yays
2 opposition
3 abstentions
motion still passes, windoze machines cant print fora week.
new dude michaelj is voted onto board
a ton of BOD move, second and vote to close the meeting


FIN



if youve read this far youve read to damn much.



