10-5-00 thurs. bod minutes

oct 5th bod mtg agenda
- gm report
- sm "
- old b
  -hostnames
- nb
  -csua coordination
  -eecs reservations
  -linux boxes
start time: 7:15pm PDT.

(GM repo)

Patrick totally looked into the details of our
financial state of being. "Wanna talk about money?"
[chalkboard:] 
17,500 -- allocation for year
-	650 -- brochures
-	1252 -- security for pc lockdowns
-	3000 -- window tinting
-	1800 -- pending for motion detector alarms for lab
        \__depending on our money

Steve said we have money for the motion alarm, but
other/higher priorities. Primrose said users supply
their own paper (for printing). Akop stated that we
will run out of paper soon [it's a daily occurrence
actually] and we do not want people opening/closing
the paper drawer of the printer all the time. Eugene
added, "or pouring jamba juice down it" to which
Andrew said, "out of colored ink." In summary, Steve
wanted it locked, and Patrick said staff paper buyers
need reimbursement. Due to A/C and other potential
expenditures, he said we should host another career
fair based on past successes, but to get staff
motivated to help plan one seemed empirically
difficult. 
In researching into ocf's accounting at asuc
auxiliary, Patrick said we basically don't have any
$30,000 eshleman master plan money left. Building the
lab ate all monies we ever collected, and we still owe
about $5,000 to asuc - which is being deferred
(leaving us $7,000 this year). Same as six months ago,
tom cordi of asuc auxiliary wants us to write and sign
an MoU for the lab. this would be ocf's legal claim to
its heller lab space. 

(SM Report)

Akop said "we installed the Ultra1s on the weekend and
it was a pain in the ass." Some of them are not
working yet, and the hurricane IP is `taken' so "if
someone could find and destroy it." (This was simply
an ip we gave to an asuc emachine last semester and
which we dhcp'd after the meeting.) Kennish is working
on a cisco donation of switch(es). Eugene said eek
should handle it; others said he'd only gotten junk
magazines. Still, he did get us three (3) free corel
wordperfect licenses (compared to callahan's one paid
licensed box that arrived unmysteriously unwrapped and
for which he is getting reimbursed). "didn't MS buy
Corel?" 
A bigger issue is that it's too easy to power cycle
the Ultra1s because they're all turned 90 degrees with
the power button close to the mouse, and the monitors
powersave, so people think they're turned off. It was
decided signs should be made, likely by eek. The
possibilities include `if you press this button you
will get fucked up the ass' and did bem say that or
who, i do not know. 
As for Norton ghost, akop said softdist does not have
a campus license. Steve said it wasn't so essential
for imaging, and primrose asked if we didn't have the
gimp. Akop says win2k is different. Steve M asked if
win2k was on plague yet ("callahan's" gateway; more on
this later). 

"The fun part you've all been waiting for."
Picking hostname scheme with which to name our ten
gateway PCs. Calman wanted to name "his" gateway
"baptism" which people deemed feelgood. Smcc said
people shouldn't think of computers as their own for
ego gratification. Ivan asked if formatting it would
cure him. 
Smcc suggested we stick to a theme within our larger
existing scheme (acts of god + pilot error;
historical). So, the list of all suggested themes to
date were read off, then people voted for the top 5
themes. Top 5 contenders: asteroid/climate,
biological, transportation, software, things you might
say in a disaster. Negative voting razed the field to
two. Positive voting followed:
Biological: ivan, akopps, drew, bem, gmg, wyc, cpfeyh
(8)
Tyms: ceugene, eek, bac, calman (4)
Abs: jtsai, jshen (2; why?)

Calman said he still wanted to name "his" machine,
contravening the theme (biological) we'd just picked.
He doesn't want "his" baby named "plague" (*.221).
Eugene and ivan pointed out this defeats the point of
the theme. Motion held to break the scheme for the
his-box, defeated. 

(new business)

csua coordination: smcc asked bem about it, nothing
happened.

Eecs reservations: more serious issue. 
Our MoU with eecs (they gave us money and machines)
says 10-20 machines should be reserved exclusively for
eecs student use. How would we distinguish eecs
computers to lab users? And how technically could
non-eecs people be kept off them? The MoU is thought
to be purposely vague because despite their donations
to us, EECS does not want to administrate these seats
that are ostensibly soda south, and hence the
vagueness. Or so steve believed the spirit of the MoU
to be. 

Meeting closed 8:37pm PDT.

Notes, summary, typing by kenao (!bodmember); finished
10:25pm PDT on 10/06/00. 
