--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Open Computing Facility
General Meeting
14 September 2000

Members present:

Bem Jones-Bey (ajani)
Primrose Boyuton (pboyuton)
Eugene Chan (ceugene)
Wayne Chan (wyc)
Andrew Cheng (drew)
Brett Connen (bac)
Jeff Emrich (jeffe)
Patrick Feyh (cpfeyh)
Gabe Gonzalez (gmg)
Wayne Kao (kaow)
Eugene Kim (eek)
Eddy Lu (eddylu)
Stephen Martinot (marto)
Stephen McCamant (smcc)
Akop Pogosian (akopps)
Dan Silverstein (??)
Susie Tang (suztang)
John Tsai (jtsai)

The meeting was opened at 7:00 PM.

I. Approve the faculty sponsor

Stephen McCamant explained that the faculty sponsor is someone who
helps the OCF connect with university bureaucracy and should be someone
with the same goals as us.  Usually you don't change faculty sponsors
unless there's a good reason to.  Brian Harvey of the computer science
department is our current faculty sponsor.  Steve said there was one
semester where he wasn't our sponsor because he was on sabbatical, and
we had another sponsor who died during his tenure which was
unfortunate.  Steve nominated Harvey as our sponsor.  Bem suggested
"tjb" and Nick Weaver but they weren't seconded.  Dan said it might be
a good idea to ask people before nominating them.  Dan nominated John
Searle.  Bem nominated Richard Fateman.  Dan nominated, on a more
serious note, David Patterson.  Dan said he could help the OCF with its
fundraising. Primrose and Susie suggested someone and then retracted
their nomination.  Dan suggested getting rid of this confirmation
process from our constitution, and this was an ideal time to

II. Elect the General Manager

Stephen McCamant explained the job description of the GM.  The only
official role is "to chair the board of directors meetings," and he's
the chief political officer of the OCF.  Bem nominated Stephen and
Patrick as a group. Primrose nominated Eek, but Eek declined.  Dan
nominated John Searle, then rescinded his nomination.  Bem nominated
"tjb," Gabe seconded, but Stephen McCamant said we probably couldn't
nominate him since "tjg" was not present.  Nominations were closed.
Stephen McCamant and Patrick left the room, and Bem happily took over
as chair of the meeting.  Stephen McCamant and Patrick were approved by
acclamation, with background noise graciously provided by Eek.

III. Elect the Site Manager

Akop, the current SM, explained what the SM does.  "What do I do?" Akop
pondered, and then explained what he does.  Stephen McCamant says the
SM is in charge of basically anything having to do with computers.  Bem
read the SM description from the constitution, and then opened up
nominations.  Gabe nominated Bem, and Stephen McCamant seconded.  Bem
declined because he didn't want more work, but said he'd accept on the
condition that there was another SM to serve with him.  Patrick
nominated Bem and Akop.  Stephen McCamant explained traditionally that
it's a bad idea to have two Site Managers, but that there's no rule
about it.  Primrose nominated Susie as a joke. Stephen Martinot
explained that the SM could delegate tasks to other staff.  Akop
declined his joint nomination with Bem because he didn't like the idea
of two Site Managers.  Primrose made a joke and Bem threw chalk at
her.  Stephen McCamant nominated Akop, and Gabe seconded.  Bem decided
to run, so he had to let Stephen McCamant chair the meeting.

IV. Elect the Board of Directors

Stephen McCamant explained the role of the BoD, and explained the
unique nomination and voting procedures.  Eugene nominated all the
existing members of the board that were present; Susie seconded.
Primrose nominated herself, and it was seconded.  Bem nominated Eek,
and Eugene seconded.  Eek played a recording of something obscene, and
then accepted.  Eugene then nominated "everyone else in the room who
could be nominated."

Here is who was nominated:

ajani, gmg, kaow, ceugene, wyc, suztang, eddylu, jeffe, pboynton, eek,
jtsai, bal, drew

The nominations were closed.  Potatoehead, buzzlightyear, [your name
here] (aka smcc), hitler, :), [scribble], ---, and kenao were nominated
to *not* be on board, but no one got the "6-7 votes" needed to vote
someone off the nomination list, so all the people nominated made it.
Stephen McCamant said the constitutionally mandated part of the meeting
was over.

V. Select a Secretary

Akop suggested that the secretary update the official policies online,
and put the minutes in the right place.  Stephen McCamant said he
updated the things that were nominated last semester.  Bem nominated
Wayne; Gabe seconded.  Primrose nominated Bem, and Gabe seconded.  Bem
was thinking of declining, but didn't want to decline being sexy.  Bem
nominated all the Christians, Primrose seconded.  Primrose suggested we
"vote by hands."  After much discussion about whether the candidates
should put their heads down during the vote, it was decided that the
secretary vote would be "a heads-up, hands-up" vote.  Wayne won 10-2.

VI. Select a Disk Czar/DMB

Stephen McCamant explained that the Disk Czar manages quotas, and said
the OCF used to do quotas on paper and staff members would manually
sorry those who were bad.  Stephen McCamant explained Brian Harvey
account is currently sorried.  He said there are generally 3 people on
the DMB.  Eek said he wanted to be "the quota guy," and Eugene
seconded.  Primrose is the incumbent for this position.  Bem nominated
Primrose, and she accepted on the condition she was a czar, and not on
the DMB.  Bem nominated we just have a czar, and Akop said it might be
a lot of responsibility for one person, but Stephen McCamant said it
should be ok to just have one person.  No one was in favor of having a
board.  Gabe closed nominations and Bem seconded.  Gabe nominated for a
hand vote and Bem seconded.  Primrose won 8-4.

Eek wanted to have "a little power."  Eugene suggested making him the
"Martha Stewart of the OCF."  There was a tangent about the high
involved when everyone found out they could change passwords.  Eek
nominated that he be the bureaucracy of the OCF.  Bem suggested he be
called "The OCF Bureaucrat," or "The OCF Helpdesk."  Eugene said we
could have fake automated tech support.  Eek nominated having a
position that will be later be named by him, held by him, and he will
create channels through which users could request things.  Eugene said
Eek would be Uhura (from ST:TOS).  Gabe said he could even call the
position "Uhura."  Primrose nominated an amendment in which Eek put a
Uhura-style speaker in his year.  Akop motioned we put this off until
the board meeting.  It was voted that we discuss this at the next board
meeting by acclamation.

VII. Budget

Susie nominated we table the budget until we had more time to think
about this.  Bem seconded.  The motion carried by acclamation.

VIII. Hostnames

Bem moved that we table this until the board meeting.  Eugene said the
committee hasn't done anything.  Akop suggested we vote on the
hostnames at the next meeting.  Stephen McCamant motioned we not decide
on hostnames except at a general meeting.  Bem seconded.  The motion
carried by acclamation.

Bem motioned we close the meeting.  The meeting was adjourned at 8:38.
Steve said the next meeting will be 7 PM next Thursday, probably in 104
Dwinelle.




Recorded by Wayne Kao (kaow).
