--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Open Computing Facility
Board of Directors Meeting
21 September 2000

Board of Directors members present:

Bem Jones-Bey (ajani)
Primrose Boyuton (pboynton)
Brett Cannon (bac)
Eugene Chan (ceugene)
Wayne Chan (wyc)
Andrew Cheng (drew)
Jeff Emrich (jeffe)
Gabe Gonzalez (gmg)
Ivan Jen (ivan)
Wayne Kao (kaow)
Eugene Kim (eek)
Stephen McCamant (smcc)
Akop Pogosian (akopps)
John C. Tsai (jtsai)

Others in attendance:

Stephen Callahan (calman)
Stephanie Hou (stephhou)
Jiong Shen (jshen)

The meeting was opened at 7:00 PM.

GM Report

Steve M said he reserved the room in Dwinelle.  We can use it for
meetings except during finals and holidays.  Eugene jokingly suggests
we try reserving Pimmentel for meetings so we use the turntable in
there.

Steve M wants to make sure everyone was receiving bod@ocf email.  Akop
says Patrick said we can advocate publications to install a drinking
fountain in the lab.  Bem said he can add new bod and staff members to
the staff and bod aliases if they aren't on them already.  Andrew was
wondering if he should be in the bod group.  Steve M said the important
groups are approve and ocfstaff.  Akop said was going spend some time
looking how groups are setup right now.  The really new people go into
approve.  Bem says we have too many groups.

Steve M says he's been compiling Open SSH and working with Linux.
Steve also says Patrick has been doing stuff.  The security guy's
coming back Tuesday and we're working on getting locks on doors.  Steve
also asks about the keys to the file cabinet.

SM Report

Akop says we got a new batch of carts we filled with junk, and someone
else filled them with other junk too.  He's planning to install CPU
fans this weekend.  Steve M said Akop could enlist other people to help
him with that.  Akop updated the aliases file so sm and gm aliases go
to the right people.  decal.org is now up and running.  Akop said he
and Patrick were concerned about the CDs that came with the Gateways,
so they took them to Barrows.  They found the missing Windows 98 CDs 
which need to be returned to Gateway.  Akop says Ken will do it.

Old Business

Budget

Steve M says we can't spend any money until we have a budget.  There
are two pots of money that we have, our allocation as a
student-initiated group ($17,500), and there's Eshleman master plan
money which we don't have to allocate  Bem wonders if we can buy pizza;
Euguene ponders if we could buy a "pizza guy."

There was some talk about the phone costs.  We want to get the old
phone number directed to Heller.  Steve M says we're currently paying
for the Barrows phone.  Steve M says he doesn't know how much the phone
costs, but "it's more than you would expect."  Akop was wondering if we
get voice mail since it costs so much; Steve M didn't think so.

Steve M says we traditionally buy toner and paper and buy equipment at
the end of the year when we have money left.  Akop says we buy
throughout the year but spend a lot especially at the end of the year.
Steve M says we also have more possible expenses such as air
conditioning and mini-blinds, but he doesn't know much those will
cost.  Bem says we shouldn't distinguish between supplies and computer
supplies since basically all the supplies we buy for OCF are computer
supplies.

Bem is hungry and wants to get the budget done quickly and vote.  Steve
M says we need to make the numbers add up to $17,500.  Bem says we
should get rid of Equipment and reduce Supplies.  Akop says we'll spend
a lot on toner since users are printing a lot, and we need to spend
money on a switch.  He also noted that because we're paying for a
switch, the switch people will fix the switch without additional cost.

The budget everyone generally agreed on is here:

Stipend
Advertising	250
Equipment repair	
Supplies		2,000
Computer supplies	14,200
Telephone	800
Postage
Misc Expenses
Equip rental
Travel
Subscriptions
Programs and Events
Photocopying	250
Printing
Equipment
Misc income

Hostnames

Steve C says we've had some debate about this issue, but it turned into
a holy war.  He notes that "The Chan Brothers" had some discussion
about this, and he's going to send another email out about the
subject.  Steve C lists the people he is going to add to the hostnames
committee mailing list.  Primrose said she doesn't want to be on the
mailing list cause everyone shot down her idea, and there was some
discussion about whether her idea really was shot down.  Bem, still
hungry, told them to figure it out over email.

Steve C said the committee has decided to have subsets, but there is
still a lot of discussion about the naming convention for the Windows
boxes.  Akop needs 17 names for the Ultra 1's by this weekend.  Steve M
asks if Steve C got an email from him about this issue.

Steve M reminds everyone that if we want to approve host names we need
to have a General Meeting (this voted on at the last General Meeting).
Primrose motions next week's meeting be a General Meeting.  Wayne L
seconds.  The motion carries by acclamation, so next week's meeting
will be a General Meeting.

Akop was wondering how he'd name the Ultra 1's this weekend.  Eugene
said we could just use the old names.  Andrew left the meeting and gave
his voting rights to Steve C.  Steve M read the constitution to confirm
that transferring voting power to someone wasn't allowed.  There was a
lot of discussion about old hostnames.

Eek's position

Eek says he wants to head "an office of bureaucratic affairs."  Bem
moves he gets Eek the "office of bureaucratic affairs."  Steve C
seconds.  Eugene suggests the board be able to vote him out.  Bem says
the office will report to the GM, then BoD, in that order; it won't
need to report to the SM because it's a bureaucratic office.  The
holder of the office can be voted out by the majority of BoD.  Bem
says, "this office only pretends to have power, and has all the power
of any bureaucrat, which is none."  Steve C proposed an amendment that
the office holder is responsible for "dealing with old staff," and will
"deal with all their bitching."  Bem agrees that Steve C's amendment is
a friendly amendment.  Primrose seconds the amendment.

Steve M says for the record, he didn't think this is a great idea.
Akop motions we vote by secret ballot; Bem seconds.  Akop proceeds to
tear little pieces of paper.  Bem and Akop then recind their motion to
vote by secret ballot.  Steve M said the secretary should record each
vote.  Wayne L proposes that the office would have no power, but Bem
notes that that is already in his motion.

The vote for Bem's motion:  Ayes:  Eek, Wayne C, Jeff, Primrose Nays:
Eugene, Gabe, Brett

The motion carries.  (At least I think that's who voted for what people
changed votes or something cause my notes are messed up there was a
clear majority though)

Corel Office

Steve C said he's going to get the professional edition because the 
manuals are nice and only come with the professional edition.  Office 
can be used on one computer.  Akops asked whether he should create a 
Linux software repository with a 1 gig disk but other people opposed 
the idea since the drive isn't installed yet and 1 gig isn't a lot.  
Bem confirmed no one has a problem with Corel Office, so we could move 
on.

New Business

Water cooler

Steve M said Ken suggested we get a water cooler for Heller, probably
because Ken was thirsty.  People in general should be well-hydrated.
Primrose said Patrick said we could install a drinking fountain instead
of getting a cooler.  People thought the cooler would be a bad idea.
Eugene added that it'd be harder for Eek to contaminate a drinking
fountain.

Web site, webmaster?

Steve M says Ken used to update it.  Akop says anyone in group www can
change the site but that people should email the staff list before
changing anything.  Steve M confirmed what Akop said.  Steve C said Ken
did a really good job as webmaster.  Steve C disagrees with Steve M and
Akop's suggestion that people email staff before updating the site, and
says things are working fine as they are.  There was a problem last
week where someone put something about needing more account forms on
the web site.

BoD elections

Steve M explained how BoD worked.  Steve C said BoD members only have
to attend every other meeting.  Bem nominated Steve C, and Primrose
seconded.  Jiong nominated himself, Steve C seconded.  They were
approved by unanimously by acclamation.

Eugene motioned to close the meeting, Bem seconded.  The meeting was
closed at 8:20.

Recorded by Wayne Kao (kaow).
