# 2 | 1/22/24

# Attendance

## Directors

* dapark
* anddone
* rjz
* ronitnath
* bryli
* etw
* andytsai
* inurzhanov
* tabi
* jedakrisnell
* kimcpape
* lemurseven
* ethanhu
* jyxzhang
* oliverni
* storce
* jaysa
* adymchenko
* adi

## Guests

* ncograin

## Notetaker

* storce

# Agenda

## General

* BoD is currently Mondays at 8pm to 9pm
  * Updates on conflicts?
* Power outage email update → talked to Lauren, moving through the bureaucracy
  * Requesting future emails be sent to sufmodept@list.berkeley.edu
  * ronit: not much info, SUFMO still doing stuff
* bryli: Hostmaster emails - oliver said something about updating CNAME?
  * oliverni: still talking to IT people about email auth. campus updated DMARC to reject unauthenticated email
    * either get campus to add SPF records, or change domains to CNAME
    * lots of DNS changes, taking their time
  * Need to update ocf.io/templates as well
* Socreg review
  * rt 13593, 13594
  * Responding with security contacts as \*Ms + rjz
  * Requested confirmation that we would "implement procedures that will lessen the likelihood of vulnerability occurences" due to WP higher than average levels of vulns in the last year.
* jaysa: SWE++ using lab this semester? Saturdays 9:45am-12pm from Feb 17- April 20
  * used for a while for teaching smol kids
  * No volunteer staff in the future: op staff responsible for everything
  * Looking for volunteerstaff to come around and help with any missing technical items
    * Oliver & Bryan volunteers
* storce to bod
  * Approved!

## Site

* UPS?
  * Checking on current UPS to decide whether to buy or no
  * Advantages of two UPS:
    * Seamless changes of UPS
    * up to 5k
    * we should try to spend funding
* OCF infra status? (re: downtime on services)
  * docker updated itself (rjz) and broke things
  * putting those back up broke riptide

## Finance

* \

## Opstaff

* Lab is officially open again! ~~had a brief closure because of the server~~
* Created a schedule for this week, changing it this weekend
  * Will have Opstaff fill in their availability once again
  * Need MW 1-2pm still! 
    * Joe's got it (ty joe) :)
* Opstaff hiring for next academic year: hiring 3?
  * Op staff meeting to decide on it: need opinions of current staff
* [Opstaff project recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Gxb4EX-GY_NFj5VjSB5Rzg5ZAcLSh1p48PYC6CsYQwU/edit?usp=sharing)
  * Merch (no stickers left :( )
  * Welcome to add any project idea
* First Opstaff meeting next week (TBD time and day)
* Any volunteer staff interested in filling opstaff shifts?
  * Joe

## Internal

* Need to finalize GM time
  * Wednesday 8-9pm
* Will work on slides by then
  * Changing to make it more engaging
  * Introduce committees
* Reaching into my bag for contacts for people to invite, will send first round of invites in next 1-2 weeks 

## External

* Tech talks update?
  * Updated alumni list: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yYYMJtbTiB8TwEnur7cC9_w9VfgZY9i2FmNHbbnEKGo/edit?usp=sharing>
  * Working on email template to send out, will refer back to prev external notes
  * Suggestions form for professors to contact? Will people actually fill it out ? Thinking about a better way
* Meeting times for the semester please fill out <3 <https://www.when2meet.com/?23186173-zbyTX>
* Big Give?
  * Fairly far out (last year was March 8), but good to prepare in advance
  * Merch for certain donation tiers (like KALX) - how would logistics for this work out, any issues with ASUC
* In the past, it looks like current OCF members led tech talks sometimes → bring this back? 
  * Create a page on the website for past tech talks - might be useful since they seem fairly scattered/hard to access
  * <https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/docs/staff/techtalks/>
    * will make this more prominent on website in the future
  * Rao? Other professors? grad students?
    * RAOOOOO
    * if satish rao has a million fans, then I am one of them if satish rao has ten fans, then I am one of them if satish rao has only one fan then that is me if satish rao has no fans, then that means I am no longer on earth if the world is against satish rao, then I am against the world
    * my favorite professor linus tech tips


## Buysheet

<https://callink.berkeley.edu/actionCenter/organization/ocf/finance?tab=Accounts>

* staff vm hypervisor - will be tentatively going with ryzen CPUs for now
* 2 zen 4 ryzen servers
* RAM? if 2x192GB will go over 5k budget by $1030
* what about storage?
* chassis ordered

  \
  * 2x 7950x