# 1 | 1/17/24

# Attendance

## Directors

* ronitnath
* bryli
* darlnim
* trinityc
* lemurseven
* adymchenko
* isabelle
* [jeda](https://docs.ocf.berkeley.edu/doc/1-11724-6oBbSx23av/edit)krisnell
* oliverni
* adi
* bplate
* anirudhsuresh
* jaysa
* rjz
* bplate
* Kian
* njha

## Guests

* storce
* ncograin 
* integral
* unknown
* unknown

## Notetaker

* jaysa
* ronitnath

# Agenda

## General

* Bod timing
* Weekly Reports
* Interest groups
  * Web
    * led by bplate
    * \
  * Infra
  * ML
* jaysa: ATDP is looking for instructors this summer
  * "We're kind of hurting for our CS courses this year in terms of recruiting instructors. In the past, we've put the call out to OCF members (you can ask [@bencuan](https://fco.slack.com/team/UMMCFD3CY)), particularly if there are any very strong undergrad GSIs interested in summer work and education"
  *  Intro course is in Python, running 2 days/wk; our AP-style course is in Java, running 3 days/wk; we've also sometimes had advanced or special topics (CE, algorithms & data structures, etc) but those are less likely until we get the two bread & butter courses set. The courses run six weeks, for 2024"
  * June 17–July 26. Courses could be in-person or online. Compensation from $2600–4200 depending on experience and course load.
* jaysa: paid staff hours + rt ticket position next year for OCF staffers?
  * will keep in mind when we apply for CACSSF & other funding this semester
* bounty system for projects? (some kind of reimbursement for completing certain tasks)
* Requests from auditors 
  * Context:
    * "Mah & Associates, the audit firm, is conducting an official financial examination of the ASUC FY23. It is an examination of accounts to ascertain whether the financial report, taken as a whole, reflects the financial position of the organisation. Not just on the financial data of the ASUC, the auditors are doing the measures for all the functions related to the organisation like fixed assets, balance sheet, liabilities, policy, and so on." - email
  * Requesting:

    
    1. Where
    2. Pics: front, back, full
    3. if serial/license number => pic else "none"
    4. condition of asset
  * On:
    * **<https://callink.berkeley.edu/finance/ocf/requests/purchase/987289>**
      * Ceph server (newkube)
    * <https://callink.berkeley.edu/finance/ocf/requests/purchase/1079966>
      * Supermicro A+ Server 2014TP-HTR - 2U TwinPro - 12x SATA - 16x M.2 - SIOM
      * This is listed as "1771486" but that doesn't show up on query. Since the purchase price matches this PR, assuming it's this instead
* oliverni: HPC, we don't really have any set policies yet for when we grant access.
  * bryli: can ask berkeley security to help us hammer things out…?

## Opstaff

* Welcome back homies :)
* First day back at the lab is Monday (1/22)
  * Still in the process of making the schedule, but will probably be done before Friday
  * Might need someone to fill in a couple of hours on Thursday
    * Will let y'all know
  * Closing @7 on Tuesday because of Decal
  * Closing @8 on Wednesday because no BoD
  * Close @8 on Monday as per usual (bod afterward)
* General troubleshooting training?
  * Many expressed wanting more computer/Linux literacy
    * ~~Just so we don't have to bug y'all and could do it ourselves~~
    * ~~Probably won't be that long, \~30min-1hr?~~
    * Can just go to the first few GMs
      * FAQs section if consistent questions
  * Will talk with Opstaff for more details about what they want to learn specifically
* To bring to attention: we should start hiring process again
  * Two graduating = two new hires for next year
  * Will ask Opstaff to help
    * Staff help is also greatly appreciated <3
  * OM position will be available
* jaysa: in the future, could we open the lab first week of school?
  * jedakrisnell: probably yeah but with more funding

## Site

* Outbound email outage
  * berkeley.edu DMARC record was updated
  * In touch with campus to either add SPF records or grandfather us in
* Projects?
  * fix/upgrade sbin/bod & integrate into docs.obe → Ronit
  * computer hearing bod transcription + annotation to relevant topics via keywords?
  * Infra side? Any upgrades/migrations happening?
    * upgrading pc to minipc vs towers
    * or mac minis
    * need to discuss more, next week
    * Refitting GPUs
  * OCF one-click deploy
* New staffvm hypervisor \~$5000?
  * Currently staffvm capacity is very low so we haven't been provisioning
  * Still running on scurvy which is old
  * We got a new hypervisor for staffvms a few years ago but it got stolen for backup server

## Internal

* GMs
  * Slides
  * Recruitment into committees
  * Recruitment into interest groups
* Socials
  * Preferred slots for activity socials vs labroom socials?
    * Friday vs Saturday vs Sunday
* Organizational notes
  * Families?
    * jaysa: not really necessary. just focus on socials and staff trainings
    * darlnim: would increase newstaff "stickiness"
    * bring back CTF…? was fun
  * Tech talks? Who do we want to invite? What topics do we want? (+external)
    * peter thiel
    * other possible interesting people (aditya knows)…?

## External

* Advertising?
  * Can pull from decal runbook
  * Flyers
    * last semester's flyers probably in the drive
  * Socials with other orgs
  * Posting in nontraditional locations
* Calapalooza (Thursday)
  * Pauley Ballroom
  * Timings: 
  * jaysa: advertise decal too? we can print flyers tonight
  * Signup: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1WoIpXfEEyvmA6ziBjiaWR4WYJAyd8vaq7H6tgbTkO1k/edit#gid=0>
* Ideation
  * Collaborations with other unis
    * Cambridge
    * MIT
    * McGill
      * balling
    * UW Madison
  * Site visits
* Committee meeting time - [when2meet](https://www.when2meet.com/?23186173-zbyTX)
* Aiming for at least two tech talks from profs/alumni, hopefully more
  * will contact those who attended alumni banquet, no official alumni list currently
  * going to Salesforce tower again?

## Finance

* Budgeting for this semester
* Why aren't opstaff stipend budgets on buysheet?
  * currently just recorded on callink and google sheet
  * \
* Updating buysheet to show us more directly how many funds we're spending per purchase as a percentage of our total remaining budget
  * project

## Decal

* jaysa: kian and i updated the website, advertised on Data 001 & EECS 101 eds & OCF bridged chat
  * skipped interest form, we just posted lab 0 and the facilitator recruitment form
  * infosessions next week 7-8 PM tuesday and thursday
  * ANY INTEREST IN BEING A FACILITATOR?? pls
  * facilitator planning meeting 6-7 PM tuesday!!

## Buysheet

3 items pass