# 11 | 4/9/24

# Attendance

## Directors

* bryli
* ronitnath
* dapark
* lukepeters
* etw
* bplate
* kimcpape
* fengyihuang
* adi
* adymchenko
* jyxzhang
* trinityc
* oliverni
* njha
* etw
* lemurseven
* jaysa
* inurzhanov
* anddone
* rjz
* jedakrisnell

## Guests

* bill

## Notetaker

* bryli

# Agenda

## General

* \*M nominations
  * NOMINATIONS: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1H3Zck4ZqFMaT5NDA9ZmJmSNsJyxRVb-ZmyUX8WRAzT8/edit#gid=0>
  * We will finally be doing condorcet beatpath?????
* Upcoming ASUC events:
  * Apr 23: Meet and Greet
    * Ask about pushing elections ahead one week to be ready for this
    * Ask Oliver and njha if they can attend (current + future SMs)
  * Apr 25: ASUC Banquet
    * Let people know next Monday
    * ANY member of OCF is able to come
    * Worst case free food, best case OCF wins an award
    * RSVP by April 17
* Graduation Cords
  * Show that you're part of a chartered program
  * Any of the seniors in the OCF: FREE cords
  * <https://forms.gle/u8xk72FXi8Mk2iCX6>
* CACSSF most likely early May
  * No appeals process, but we can work it out if we need more
* ATDP call for dry run Thursday morning
  * Will need to make sure we're ready - this will likely be late April/early May
* Need to compile list of active stuff for "after hours" list
  * form: 

## Site

* assemble the new PCs
  * let's go to mail room today
    * jaysa: OK

## Opstaff

* I'm going to keep the hiring timeline the same
  * Hiring two operations assistants
  * I'm staying as operations manager for next academic year
    * Open [application](https://forms.gle/UAhoVYd9nJLcTe5f6) ASAP. Mass email the link to the application. Due 4/14 (Sunday) @11:59pm

      
      1. Update [ocf.io/hiring](/doc/ocfiohiring-OgAxA5DxRX) with new link

         
         1. updated by jaysa
      2. Sending mass email tomorrow morning. I have an email template. Will forward the template to the person sending user-wide email.
      3. Have Opstaff post on social media on Wednesday that the application is going to close that Sunday
    * 4/15-4/21 - Looking at applications, rating
    * 4/22 - Sending out if they made it to the interviews, having them sign up by 4/24
    * 4/24-5/3 - Interviews
    * 5/4 or 5/5 - Deliberations
    * Post 5/5 - Sending out emails to the two new hires
* We need more people to help with hiring. We will probably need more help with interviews. You can help with applications, interviews, or both! Please sign up to help :')
  * Jeda, Eleonore, Tabi (apps), Andy (apps), Kim (delibs), Isabelle
* Situation today: Random user was sitting behind the desk looking through the cabinets for a charger
* Side door access for Opstaff update?

## Internal

* Looked into suggestions for socials from last week
  * Kayaks free but do people know how to kayak *safely*?
    * Mostly safety liability over other things but can do that next to next week if we choose to reserve
  * Could do Marina trip next weekend (no equipment rentals this weekend)
  * Things in the RSF (e.g., renting out climbing wall)
  * Balling?
  * Fundraising with ShareTea?

## External

* Messaging bencuan about potential date in upcoming weeks for talk
* Will be busy helping w/ opstaff hiring and preparing for finals so probably last tech talk for semester
  * Any last suggestions for external?

## Finance

* \

## Buysheet

* https://ocf.io/buysheet
* 10 votes for remaining desktop refresh upgrades