# 7 | 3/4/24

## Directors

* ronitnath
* bryli
* kimcpape
* bplate
* adymchenko
* jedakrisnell
* trinityc
* lemurseven
* inurzhanov
* jaysa
* lharriscal
* etw
* njha
* dapark
* rjz
* adi
* anddone


## Guests

* lukepeters


## Notetaker

* bryli

# Agenda

## General

* Regular reports week 8 complete
* Add staff hours
  * Ronit: 1-2pm Tuesday, Wednesday
* P3/P4 assets in socreg
  * rjz: I'd say user data contains P3, not sure about P4, therefore hal, dataloss
* Lauren meeting updates:
  * We can try to get parking space, but we'll need to pay for it (ABSA)
  * any current parking can be reimbursed (ABSA)
  * chartered program summit will happen at some point, non-graduating directors with university relations leanings should go (networking with other chartered programs, related information)
* Web interest group meeting at 8 or 9pm Tuesdays
  * It should be fine to run in the side while decal is happening?
* HPC interest group meetings remain at 5pm on Sundays
* Infra interest group?
  * Oliver: Hard to get to the point at which you can contribute
    * Gets even harder as infra gets older and new half-baked infra is added
  * Ronit: Maybe being an intermediary between new staff and SMs?
  * njha: first step is reading one page of documentation and a lot of people don't read it
  * Oliver: Tell people docs exist and tell them about project board

## Site

* Autoswitch KVM test?
  * Self-built KVM is very hard especially with USB-C, will be on hold and not sure if it will be resumed
  * Maybe worth it as a fun project even if not feasible
* Desktop refresh?
  * Got it in the lab, running \*nix
  * Login works
  * Working on autolock for Wayland
  * other scripts like lab stats and remaining pages to print
  * Size of a school Dell optiplex
* BARE magazine photoshoot (lab reservation request 3/12 5-7PM)
  * [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Iy9piVRY5P5IAt7rWDADGISIp9cyIhAISVSswfk0IT8/edit](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Iy9piVRY5P5IAt7rWDADGISIp9cyIhAISVSswfk0IT8/edit?resourcekey#gid=1592644562) (reservations form)
    * jaysa will email and ask if they'd move it outside lab hours
    * tell them to send us the pictures afterwards I'm very curious what they think is model photoshoot worthy in the OCF

## Opstaff

* Housekeeping reminder:
  * Clean up after BoD, Decal, and GM
    * From Opstaff2324 Slack:
      * "if u close the lab pls take like 3 minutes before the end of your shift to make sure chairs are where they're supposed to be"
      * "im not staying for an hour unpaid just to clean up after volstaff"
      * "it's kinda always messy" (Thursday mornings)
  * **I can't reiterate enough. After closing, it is not Opstaff's job. Do your part in making sure the lab is clean when you're the last one in the OCF.**
  * Majority on ASUC since they take a while to Stage 5/approve, but finance agents, please Stage 2 faster if capacity 
    * I send them PR information every 2 weeks
* **Bring back the cords**
* Haven't calculated for PR3, but will be less than $2632.25
* Start hiring process soon?
  * Working on projects to further the OCF's reach and efficiency, such as:
    * **Creating OCF advertisements and documentation to spread awareness of services** 
    * Collecting and analyzing user feedback to give actionable advice to OCF volunteers on how to improve OCF services (??)
    * ~~Organizing tech-related events to take place in the lab~~
    * Partnering with the ASUC and other student groups in need of OCF services
    * **Documenting the impact of the OCF on the Berkeley community**
    * ~~Researching and applying for additional sources of funding for the lab~~
    * ~~Attending scheduled meetings with the LEAD Center Advisor to the OCF and with the Operations Manager to communicate issues and progress on projects and receive briefing relevant to their work~~
    * Manning the desk and helping people with the lab and printers
    * Have lots of free schedule both semesters
    * \
* Thank you to whoever help with making sure all active desktops are working! :)

## Finance

* ABSA
  * <https://docs.ocf.berkeley.edu/s/e162016d-b6fa-47ef-b62b-99038e0c8d02>
  * jaysa: will submit tonight and log answers above ^
    * GMs and anyone who cares… stick around so I can double check things w/ you
    * big purchases to factor in:
      * finishing up desktop refresh
      * maybe HPC? but that may be covered by NVIDIA grant
* CACSSF submitted!
  * should be enough to cover minimum wage increases
* ![](attachments/c3e14fdb-e4e2-495f-a9ad-079fc6517a6b.png) Jaysa is literally making like $30000 for the OCF please thank her :)

## Internal

* Wasn't there for last GM; how was turnout?
  * really good
* Want to have each technical interest group present at the end of GM to draw interest
  * Web, infra
  * Ronit can take point on both of these + I'm roping Njha in
  * Need to draw more interest to groups
* Want to host social on March 16th
  * Maybe hike?
* Want $100 blanket social allocation
  * Yogurt Park????

## External

* asai tech talk this GM
  * March 6th 7-9pm
  * ![](attachments/6db758fc-a78d-4097-a586-b9a5728da482.png)
* Looking to schedule more talks after spring break (rameesha, andylo, ethanhs)
* In the process of making graphics/drafting emails for big give
  * Send that out through ocf email/listserv?
* Big give next thursday 3/14
  * Send out email day of?
  * <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1D6rOkLSOrqctefYAkK-wz9KVU-1GolbVa9UFgRVe3FY/edit?usp=sharing> merch list again
  * if anything we should probably order more stickers/shirt designs → which websites do we usually use

## Decal

jaysa:

* oliverni & lemurseven giving tmrw's lec on web servers
* thank you kian for answering 99% of ed questions
* i made a typo when i posted last week's lecture recording.. so it didnt post.. but kian caught it lol

## Buysheet

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)

* 16 votes for paper
* We need something to organizer cables, and an organizer for id cards
* 14 votes for hdmi cables
* 10 votes for AAA batteries
* 11 votes for manila and tacks