# 10 | 4/1/24

# Attendance

## Directors

* lukepeters
* adymchenko
* jaysa
* etw
* njha
* oliverni
* bplate
* ronitnath
* kimcpape
* inurzhanov
* bryli
* jedakrisnell
* rjz
* ethanhu
* ronitnath
* anddone
* adi

## Guests

* \

## Notetaker

* \

# Agenda

## General

* Bryan got an ocarina in the discord loot box :0
* Building after hours access situation update
  * We talked to Lauren, TL;DR is that we will have an email sent to SUFMO and CC the relevant people, we can tell them to reference the email
  * Will need a list of all staff plus a subset of 6 afterhours staff (which we already have)
* jaysa: whose $15 vacuum sealer is for sale in the back
  * take it home or i will
    * i dont even want a vacuum sealer
  * it is oliver's
  * jaysa is going to terminate it in 1 week from today
* unnatural scrolling is correct
  * apple moment <https://slate.com/technology/2011/09/apple-s-mousetrap-why-did-apple-reverse-the-way-we-scroll-up-and-down.html>

## Site

* oliver - it\* works!
  * \*this computer (potentially that computer?)
  * goal: have a whole row of them
  * and then… testing
  * put a link!
  * maximize traffic? we get traffic
* rjz is in a cyclone
  * is he okay? yes!
  * now he's in the microwave
  * noo 300w is good

## Opstaff

* **We should start the hiring process.** Rough timeline (it's not that deep if we have to change the times and dates. I did this last minute)
  * We're hiring two people (RIP to Andy and Kim)

    
    1. Open [application](https://forms.gle/UAhoVYd9nJLcTe5f6) ASAP. Mass email the link to the application. Due 4/14 (Sunday) @11:59pm

       
       1. Look over first, make sure it's all good and make sense

          
          1. Kimcpape: tried to apply and it does NOT let me progress past the 3rd page :( let meeeee innn

             
             1. Fixed! Thanks for letting me know (it works now!)
       2. Update [ocf.io/hiring](/doc/ocfiohiring-OgAxA5DxRX) with new link
       3. kimcpape: also opstaff should probs make a social media post +1
    2. 4/15-4/21 - Looking at applications, rating
    3. 4/22 - Sending out if they made it to the interviews, having them sign up by 4/24
    4. 4/24-5/3 - Interviews
    5. 5/4 or 5/5 - Deliberations
    6. Post 5/5 - Sending out emails to the two new hires
  * Interested in helping with hiring:
* Pay period 5: $1109.25 - closed Sat. and Spring Break
* Silent auction? +1
  * We have a lot of stuff in the lost and found
  * Good way to get misc funds LMAO
  * jaysa: remind us in last 1-2 weeks of school

## Internal

* No new updates
* Will be having GM this week
* Preferably want someone working on OCFweb to have a small talk after GM to talk about progress with that and how that's been going
* Want to plan for social for April 13th
* Thinking a hike might be fun with the weather getting better with ice cream afterwards
  * Berkeley Marina trip???
  * Kayaks are free

## External

* mdcha talk this wednesday at 8pm
  * can someone lead this? won't be able to make it bc of class
* for the rest of the semester - bencuan, andylo

## Finance

* we have money (\~40k ABSA next semester)
* 26k for PCs left this semester
* CACSF tbd……………..

## Decal

* jaysa: michael & kian docker lec tmrw
  * i will drop announcement + web update rn
    * i did it
* jaysa: need to send out warning no pass emails this week

## Buysheet

* ocf.io/buysheet
* 9 votes for tissues
* 11 votes for GPU equipped desktop