# 4 | 2/5/24

## Directors

* oliverni (in absentia) (fake)
* kimcpape
* ronitnath
* bryli
* jedakrisnell
* rjz
* jaysa
* tabi
* lharriscal
* etw
* lemurseven
* trinityc
* anirudhsuresh
* andytsai
* inurzhanov
* adymchenko
* njha
* anddone

## Guests

* lukepeters
* taranath
* tiffansun
* lawrencechen
* ncograin

## Notetaker

* aly

# Agenda

## General

* Confirmed w/ HKN, they're using the lab for Junior EECS Day on Sunday 4/21 12-4
  * Oliver will be there to open the lab and stay there
  * unless someone else wants to drop by for half
  * I asked them to send me their plan for what they were doing to make sure it's possible
  * need accountsâ€¦ how did we provision accounts for swe/atdp?
    * calnet UID 0, `.desktoprc` to unmount `remote/` - copy from `swestudent`
* email thing probably solved
  * using CNAME as originally planned - oliver talked to kellsie
  * we need to update docs (i told joe today to request cname bc the website and templates still said to do a/aaaa/mx)
* Lauren meeting
  * getting ASUC to give Kian stipend for work he's done
    * could the uni refund Kian? it's their fault (not ASUC)
    * probably still the ASUC - UC bureaucracy
  * CACSSF - can add that staff position we were talking about, can be reoccurring
    * under reoccuring CACSSF, what is the flexibility for asking about different amts? -jaysa will ask
    * due 3/1
* OCTO
  * met with ASUC CTO, who floated potential areas of collaboration
    * working on integrating LLM things
    * working on LLM that can answer questions about berkeley
      * chatgpt but berkeley
    * opportunity for more interest projects for berkeley
      * expand influence -- more stuff = more funding
  * ronit will let us know of potential octo projects

## Site

* maintenance kits shipped
  * one successfully installed in logjam (thank you joe and michael), other shipped broken. rjz will msg them
  * current printer status: logjam & pagefault in rotation, papercut out of toner and maintenance kit at 6%
* new custom mousepads shipped!!!!!! wahoo!!!!!!!!!!
  * placed at all the desks this morning
  * thanks jaysa for championing this :))
* All test PC parts have arrived except case
  * 8600G, A620I, DDR5-7200, 300W 80+ Bronze, Fractal Design Ridge
  * At Oliver's apartment
  * we'll build and test soon
  * will do NixOS desktops with the new revamp!
  * rjz: nooooooooooo
* Lab printer monitor

## Opstaff

* Thank y'all for installing the maintenance kits <3
  * We were running on one printer LMAO
* Economode is officially off
* First purchase request for everyone will be submitted tomorrow
  * Don't have total amount yet, but should be a little more than normal since OM scheduling/prep for new semester
  * ![](attachments/226843bc-5475-4eae-83b3-a83a82216ba7.png " =499x172")

    CalLink CACCSF currently has $21,350.25
    * This is only an estimate
* From Opstaff:
  * Someone check out TBP's issue on #rebuild
  * Minecraft server?
    * oliverni: just set one up, Minecraft 1.20.1 on 169.229.226.84
    * message oliverni or jaysa to be whitelisted
    * that was so fast LMAO ty
* Upcoming projects: new merch (stickers, pens), default accounts, graphic designs, storage room cleaning
* jaysa: MLK OCF access for all opstaff..?
  * Lauren has agreed. 
  * fill out form for access
  * Access request form: <https://berkeleysa.tfaforms.net/28?tfa_12=Access%20Request>
  * SEPARATELY, jaysa needs names + SID
* How do I get lab access again -Isabelle
  * new IDs :(
* x
  * the whiteboard question could be what merch they'd be interested in buying (tote bag, stickers, shirts, etc)

    \n

## External

* Tech talk emails sent to alumni, will update when people respond
  * full alum list posted in prev bod notes
* Merch inventory:
  * <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1D6rOkLSOrqctefYAkK-wz9KVU-1GolbVa9UFgRVe3FY/edit?usp=sharing>
    * i don't have access :( - bryli
  * Low on certain shirts and stickers
  * So many pins


  * Not many stickers left
  * A lot of pins remaining
  * Order more merch before Big Give?
    * Isabelle will create pricing tierlist 
    * Create folder for opstaff preferred designs
* Recruitment
  * Will ask opstaff about graphic design during meeting tomorrow
  * How did social during GM go?

## Internal

* Won't be here this Wednesday so one/both of GMs to lead
* GMs are starting to get boring both from a presentation standpoint and in terms of attention span
  * However interest group signups are happening.
    * Linux Infra most popular (8)
    * Web and HPC are \~ tied for next (1-2 :()
* Maybe need a GM revamp to ensure that people are actually engaged
  * Proposal: Longer updates, but people don't really have time to write a bunch of slides to update GM
  * Maybe GM attendance doesn't matter if interest group attendance is there.
* Turns out Gryffin jabaited us to drop an album in May but Two Friends dropping Feb 10th
* Potential social this weekend, thoughts?
  * Maybe another food social, idk
  * Possible sports social?
  * We'll get some social ideas later.

## Finance

* CACSSF + ABSA to be worked on this week

## Decal

* still enrolling people until school's Wednesday add deadline
* vitamin 1 grading almost done!
* ed & website have been updated for this week


## Buysheet

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)

15 votes for stationery

print queue had very high latency

11 votes for 2 monitors

10 votes for maintenance kits (that were already bought)