Minutes for the OCF General Meeting on 4/14/97.

The following people attended the meeting: David Walthall (land), 
Jenni Snider (jenni), Alan Coopersmith (alanc), Elaine Chao (chaos),
Richard Dunn (dunnthat), George Gong (gong), Kenneth Nishimoto (kennish),
Ahilan Anantha (ahilan), Po-Hsua Chen (pochen), Steve Martinet (marto),
and Hua-Feng Huang (darvard).

The meeting was called to order at 7:50pm by the acting GM.
The Election for the new GM proceeded as Richard Dunn, Elaine Chao, and
[Elaine Chao, Jenni Snider, and Alan Coopersmith] were nominated and accepted.
Richard received two votes, and [Elaine Chao, Jenni Snider, and Alan
Coopersmith] received 9 votes.


The General Managers reported that they had two new monitors.  Nothing at all
had been accomplished for the Letter to Tien.  The Site Manager announced that
Alan Coopersmith tweaked the OS on apocalypse so that it wouldn't crash as
much. There was a staff meeting on Wednesday.  We have 4500 users.  There
were new donations (lots of memory).  We also got a Sun keyboard, mouse,
and two monitors.  The password synchonization software is still on hold.
Po wants to do IRC work.  Majordomo was worked on by David F.  There will
be a new user drive in August.  Apocalypse might be open for general use
in May.  The Help Session Representative reported that Help Session are 
cancelled for the rest of the year since there were only two teachers.  The 
EJC Representative reported that she quits as there are no more meetings.

The Letter to Tien will wait until the general managers talk to John Percival
and Jon Kuroda.  Hopefully it will be done by next week.  We must spend our
budget by May 2.  The two ideas so far are buying one U1/140 or two SS20/75.

The next BOD meeting is scheduled for Monday at 7:30pm.

The meeting was closed at 9:02pm.

