
                Minutes of The Meeting
                        of the
                Open Computing Facility
                   Board of Directors
                        10/8/92

Nicholas C. Weaver, acting secretary.

Attendance:

emarkp		General Manager
kmorgan		Site Manager
peterm		BOD
anniem		BOD
runes		BOD
clw		BOD
shyguy		BOD
kinshuk		BOD
chaynges	BOD
mehlhaff	BOD
rsr		BOD
nweaver
psb
linlpham
davidf
coganman

	Quorum was obtained and the meeting was called to order 
at 7:10pm.

	Agenda:	The GM's report and the SM's report, and the 
appointment of the new Disk Management Board (DMB).

GM's Report:	We are unable to purchase that disk that was 
advertised in the newsgroup, as it was purchased last 
saturday in cash by another party.

SM's Report:	Sandstorm's disk has crashed, and all 
accounts are currently being backed up to /bob.  As for the 
registry problems, Kier has been in contact with some people 
at HP/Apollo, and the problems should be hopefully fixed 
soon.  Unfortunately, however, since we don't have a service 
contract with HP, we can't just send them a copy of the 
registry and have them run their internal program designed 
to fix a registry.

DMB:	There were 3 candidates who expressed interest in the 
three slots on the DMB.  They were coganman, psb, and rsr.  
They were approved, with coganman 
being approved by a vote of 10-0, psb by a vote of 8-2, and 
rsr by a vote of 6-4.

	After that, the meeting was adjourned at 7:55, to food 
graciously supplied by Kier.


