Message 35:
From nweaver Sun Oct  4 13:16:03 1992
Subject: Minutes of the Meeting, 10/1/92
(84 lines) 

	Sorry this is late.

Please pardon any typos.

                    Official Minutes of the Meeting of the
                           OCF Board of Directors
                                10/1/92
		  Nicholas C. Weaver, Acting Secretary.

	Attendance:

	emarkp (Mark Ping, General Manager)
	kmorgan (Kier Morgan, Site Manager)
	shyguy (David S. Shy, Board Member)
	peterm (Peter Mardahl, Board Member)
	kinshuk (Kinshuk Govil, Board Member)
	clw (Chris Williams, Board Member)
	nweaver (Nicholas C. Weaver)
	gwh (George William Herbert)
	terryy (Terry Yeung)
	runes (Rune Stromsness, Board Member)
	lizi (Cosma R. Shalizi)
	chaynges (Cynthia Haynes, Board Member)
	rsr (Roy Rappenport, new Board Member)
	davidf (David Friedman)
	anniem (Ann Matsubara, Board Member)
	psb (Partha S. Banerjee)

	There was quorum, and the meeting was called to order at about
7:10pm.

	The agenda for the meeting was: Rereg policy, Disk information,
announcement of a General Meeting, and Donations were discussed during the
meeting.

	General Manager's Report:  Nothing to report

	Site Manager's Report:  Kier now knows what the registry problem is
(a possible corruption of the database), and feels that we should be able to
continue adding accounts by next week sometime.

	New Members:  Due to some confusion, this actually occured in the
middle of the rereg discussion.  Roy wished to be added to the board, and
was approved by a vote of 5 to 3.

	Rereg policy:  Since there were a few bugs in the system, that
caused the database of people who reregistered to become corrupted, the
Board discussed the future of reregistration for this semester.  The first
option debated was using electronic rereg, and having the account holders
give us their student ID numbers.  Davidf confirmed that it is possible to
run checks through the department of the registrar, but it would take some
arranging first.  But after a heated discussion, it was decided, by a vote
of 7 to 1, with 2 abstentions, to delay reregistration until next semester.

	Bylaw Change:  Due to the confusion involving the new board member
elections, and to prevent a situation where people get on the board in order
to simply vote on an issue, psb suggested a by-lay change.  The by-lay, as
ammended by the board, was approved by a vote of 7 to 1, with 2
abstentions.  The bylaw reads as follows: "BOD elections will take effect at
12:00 Midnight after the conclusion of the meeting at which the election
took place, with the exception of an Election Meeting"

	Disk information:  The OCF currently has a $1200 Purchase Order for
a new disk, however, there is a definate chance of purchasing an identical
disk used (without warrantee), for almost half the cost, as well as the
potential purchase of /bob from the CSUA.  The board decided by a vote of 8
to 0, with 2 abstentions, to hold the purchase order, to research the actual
price of the potential drives, and to check the possibility of purchasing a
warantee for a purchased drive.  Discussion will resume when such
information is known.

	Second General Meeting:  The next General Meeting will be held two
weeks from now, on the 15th of October.  Proposed ammendments to the
constitution must be submitted to the Board by next week.

	Donations:  The Board discussed the possibility of asking for
donations from the general membership.  By a vote of 8 to 0, with 2
abstentions, the Board agreed that "The OCF begin actively soliciting
donations for the membership at large.  Detail s are to be worked out by the
GM and SM, and will begin once the procedure is finalized."

	With that, the meeting was ajourned at 9:38.  However, most everyone
remained around to eat the food graceously supplied by Keir.
-----
