Newsgroups: ucb.org.ocf
Subject: Minutes of the Board Meeting 10/29/92
Distribution: ucb
Organization: U.C. Berkeley Open Computing Facility


BoD Unofficial Meeting Minutes  10/29/92

New Interim Manager:  dpassage

Board Members present:
	anniem changyes clw kinshuk kmorgan peterm runes shyguy
	Quorum was achieved.

Board members absent: rsr

Guests who honored us with their presence:
	coganman dpassage davidf lizi nweaver,
	and belatedly amoreno

The meeting came to order at 7:14pm.


NEW BOARD MEMBERS

Congratulations to davidf and dpassage, our new board members.


Keir, on the Status of the OCF:

  5000+ accounts, registry is now fixed, 400-500 new accounts
  have been created.

  Our new 660 meg drive has been ordered.

Business considered by the board:

NEXT GENERAL MEETING   Nov 12,  7pm

  A general meeting is necessary to elect a new general manager.
The board decided on the date above.

INTERIM GENERAL MANAGER

  dpassage was elected the Interim General Manager 

  nweaver briefly was running for the position, but withdrew
  as soon as a third person entered the race.  
  dpassage on nweaver withdrawing:
    "Nick, you're a weeniehead."

       --disclaimer:  I was specifically instructed to include that comment
	no flames please.

  dpassage's goals:
    Dave wants to see the OCF participate more in the formation of the
    university's policies toward on-campus computing.

    Dave also wants to see the OCF ditch these Apollos for better hardware by:
      soliciting donations from computer companies,
      or buying new/used hardware with our own resources.

  Congratulations to our new Interim General Manager.


DONATION DRIVE

  The OCF will be beginning a donation drive as the new hard drive 
  arrives and is installed.

  At that time, certain OCF BoD members and staff members will
  start accepting donations, which will be used for the good
  of the OCF.  A specific fundraising goal has not been specified.

  If you want to make a donation to the OCF, it is important
  that you make your check payable to ASUC--OCF.  Whom to give
  the check to will be announced.


