
>From chaynges Thu Oct 22 20:19:33 1992
To: ocf-announce
Subject: just call me joe

first, we don't know why mark cancelled the meeting.
we decided to hold it in the ocf anyway.  keir said
I could take the minutes.  big mistake.  since during
lag time I'll put in my own personal opinions.

and of course you're a boor
but in that you're not charmless

the request for a check goes in tomorrow and a check will be written
a week from monday.  chances are it'll probably be the following
week since they won't accept a money order.  this is re the
disk drive.  it does not include a controller card.

a dn10000 would work as a great mail server and would work
for extra disk space.  it would cost $10,000.

attendees
keir kmorgan
david davidf
george gwh
sinead chaynges
peter peterm
annie anniem
andre amoreno


there are some problems with the 10000s, that's why harvey
said to get people to bless it.  it functions as a router
and mail gateway.  we'll stick it where roy usually sleeps.

and if you said jump in the river I probably would

so, basically, I think something can be negotiated through
the csua.  but we won't get it for free.  "bob's not free."

I'm gonna wash that @@@@ right out of my hair.

"mark's a mormon ?!"  she says in surprise !!

** ideas for donation drive **

bake sales
what about pan handling on telegraph
bake sales on telegraph
tarot readings for $1.00
auction off the right to destroy a machine
auction off the right to throw partha off the balcony


who the hell is margaret ?

margaret has brains, she knows computers, she's been
known to attack people without warning even more so
than a drunk peter shipley, we don't think she carries
weapons.  george thinks she works at nli and would be
vary surprised if she's actually quit smoking.  if the
joke's on her and she's not happy about it she doesn't
respond very well.

one fish
two fish
red fish
blue fish

the specifics of the donation drive need to be written
down and approved.  specific names, what we will do with
nevermind, we can do what we want with the money,

the idea of an ocf rave has been bandied about but
we tossed that idea when the mention of what happens
at raves caused sinead's face to turn scarlet.

david is writing the proposal for the donation drive.

sinead:  put a booth on sproul.  now.
I'm willing to make a sign.  a big colorful sign.
we need a flyer.  we need to have account forms there.
we'd like to have a machine hooked up in sproul so the
outside booth can point unfamiliar users inside so as
to see what the ocf can do.  eg xmap, library, irc, icb,
other groovy stuff.

we need some kind of receipt set-up.

cogandude just appeared, he's pretending to talk like partha.

twenty twenty twenty four hours a day
I wanna be sedated

"homey don't do tarot cards I'm sorry"

partha's here !!  hip hip hooray -- and he's
wearing a "don't mess with texas" t-shirt.

it's one thing if you see it on the good old boys,
but it's weird when you see it on old ladies.

^^  uh, what was partha talking about ?

we have now decided that mark can not cancel the meeting.
so we'll impeach him.  now psb is going on about separation
of powers.  here comes the latin.

uh oh george and partha are going at it
what time is it what day is it

partha has now noticed that the minutes and my autobiography
have now merged into the surrealistic stream of consciousness thing

davidf has suggested to give away all of its disks to the csua

I really shouldn't be here at all now
it's all been a gorgeous mistake

the emperor was just spotted in his new clothes
and his name is dana

mehlhaff has just arrived, "what's everyone doing here"
"it's a board meeting, ERic !!"

partha is quite pleased with his new constitutional law
book and has started humming latin

ERic's going to the bathroom

LATIN TIME << can't touch that

ERic's back

ERic and partha are now discussing partha's
free outdated legal literature

david friedman has fallen and he can't get up

sinead is reaching for her prescription medication

sinead is now repairing her clothing and shoes with duct tape

sinead just smashed partha at the jumble

is there new business to discuss

nope
