Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting on 11/05/92

Attendance:
	Board Members:
		kinshuk, anniem, runes, peterm, chaynges, clw, davidf
	General Manager:
		dpassage
	Site Manager:
		kmorgan
	Guests:
		gwh, mehlhaff, dmogge

Meeting called to order by GM dpassage at 7:11 pm.

I. Donations
	davidf has been appointed to head the donations drive.  More info
	will be forthcoming.

(Keir recalled a notable poem: "One fish, two fish
				red fish, blue fish.") at 7:18 pm.
(davidf and dpassage pointed out that pete wilson is a scum-sucking
	bottom dweller.)
(Keir asked gwh "are you, uh, available?"
 dpassage said, "george *is* married."
 davidf said, "so?")

II. Discussion of Constitutional Amendments
	1) Amendments need to be worked into an official section after
	   the articles of the Constitution.  There is currently no such
	   format.

	2) Proposal was discussed to change date of election from 3rd week
	   of semester to end of previous semester.  Because people wouldn't
	   have any idea about their schedule for the following semester
	   at that time, it was generally decided this was a bad idea.

	3) Ombudsperson.
	   This was a long discussion.  Basically, many people are intimidated
	   by the OCF decision-making process, and so several ideas for an
	   o-person were discussed, ranging from defense-counsel to an
	   arbitrator.

More information about the proposed amendments may be posted separately to
ucb.org.ocf.

III. The Board voted to approve a group account for the Cal Bridge Club.

IV.  HELP SESSION AND GENERAL MEETING/SPECIAL ELECTION MEETING

	***NEW USERS ESPECIALLY TAKE NOTE***

	There will be a help session this coming thursday, 11/12, at
	6:00 pm, in the Hogan Room (5th Floor of Cory Hall).

	This will be followed by a General Meeting/Special Election Meeting
	in which a new General Manager will be elected to hold office for the
	duration of this semester.

Any questions?  Mail bod@ocf.  Hope to see y'all thursday.


Submitted 11/07/92,
Dave Friedman
Acting Secretary
