Date: Fri, 15 Sep 89 13:18:56 PDT
From: gretchen (Gretchen Stude)
To: adamj
Subject: minutes

Well, they did not get through.  Please let me know when we can use
the new address instead.  A copy of the mail I tried to send out follows.

Sorry these are so late, I've been having some personal problems.

*******************************************************************
MINUTES of meeting held between ocf members and Erik Hoogerhuis and
Peter Lum

As Erik saw it, there were three issues which needed to be addressed:

1) bugs which Peter Lum (or someone else at Apollo) could fix
2) workshops on use which may or may not include a representative of
the vendor (Apollo)
3) publicity

the publicity done already as of the meeting date included:
a) word of mouth
b) CS and physics people
c) California Review

publicity not yet done but planned included:
a) flyers on campus (not to be done until bugs dealt with)
b) table at Sproul (no date planned yet)

the needs to be addressed before opening, that the ocf members
came up with included:
a) documentation
b) member forms
c) fix major software problems
d) backup ability

things which Erik can supply/is working on:
a) "Getting Started" videotape for new users
b) ribbon cutting event (at least two months away)--will include a
representative of the chancellor, a representative of Apollo, and the
OCF members
c) working on acquiring backup software and an xebyte (sp?) for OCF
d) working on acquiring additional donations
e) acquiring an additional set of the manuals to be placed in a
display for users
f) talking to Fateman to see if we need to do anything to help out
with the tours of the WEB

several bugs were discussed and a list was given to Peter Lum

discussed possibilities for acquiring cash
a) ASUC
b) "commercial ventures" (suggested by Erik but pretty much dropped at
this point in time)

**********************************************************************
MINUTES of OCF board meeting on Friday September 1

Meeting started 6:45pm

Members Attending
Partha Bannerjee
Adam Richter
Gretchen Stude
Cimarron Taylor
Adam Glass
Peter Shipley
Jeff Wallace
Drew Dean
Case Larsen

Late Comer
Robert Cullman

Guest
Mike Robinson

*****
Thursday September 7, at 5:00pm there will be a general information
meeting.  There was a flyer distributed to several CS classes which
included this information among others.
It was decided that we should just have a snack and account forms.

Funding
we can get $80 if we become an official student group (1st year = $80)
need to fill out a form and get 4 students to sign it
Rob Cullman is to fill out the forms which he can get from either the
CSUA or Partha

Adam Richter is going to be our contact person with Paul Rubin (who
is supposed to be working on EMACS?)

Partha said that he would work on the account forms and have them done
by Monday

Pete volunteered to make a bug report form

Mike Robinson was voted onto the board

Sean and Leo are supposedly working on a Riacs documentation

Peter has been and will continue to maintain communication with Apollo

Cim, Adam R. and Adam G. have been creating accounts
this was mentioned to make sure that everyone is giving the same disclaimers
1) no backups
2) X server being worked on
3) EMACS only kind of works
4) Read news and send mail have problems
5) printers kind of work

Cim is working on getting a license for Frame.

Interleaf, the other wysiwyg editor, we have heard nothing further about

Printing Services--we were promised by CFC that printing services (which
we believe to include paper and toner) would be supplied by them.
We have since been told that we need to supply paper and toner, we are
checking into this further.

To open, we need to have the following:
a) EMACS running
b) backup ability
c) News working
d) mail working well
e) X server working well

Other things needed:
a) account forms
b) bug report forms
c) documentation
d) intro to OCF stuff

dues: were discussed but in general disliked
reason needed: documentation costs
a) could charge for each documentation set given out
b) could just pay for documentation out of our own pockets (at least
until we get some other source of money)

Meeting adjourned at 7:35pm

(no mention of a next meeting date was made)

Minutes transcribed by Gretchen Stude

Gretchen
