Date: Wed, 15 Nov 89 17:02:13 PST
From: gwh (George William Herbert)
To: ocf
Subject: Minutes

Minutes of the OCF General Meeting 11-14-89
Including Election results               -transcribed by George William Herbert

Meeting was called to order at 7:50 PM by current General Manager 
Partha S. Banerjee.

The first order of business was to a vote to confirm Brian Harvey 
as the OCF's Faculty Advisor.  An Oral Vote was made, confirming 
Mr. Harvey, with a single nay, whom Partha ordered taken out and shot.

Following this was the General Manager election.  An explanation of the
job of General Manager was made, as well of the Site Manager and of 
the Board of Directors.  The section of the constitution detailing
the Site Manager's job was read by Adam Richter.

The floor was opened for self-nominations for the position.  Robert
Cullman, Hans Reiser, and Partha Banerjee nominated themselves, 
then nominations were closed.

The cantidates were allowed time to present speeches to the meeting.
Following the speeches, questions from the floor were accepted.  
Highlights included Partha's reaction to "WHat would you do differently 
from what the current site manager has done?", Hans:(resp. to "How
long are you going to be here [at berkeley]) "Well, I went to New Jersey 
and it sucked, so I'll be here for the next 40 years.", and Adam Glass
harrasing Robert about percieved power plays [Partha: "...and have
you ever been a member of the Communist Party?..."].

A first round of voting followed.  No cantidate recieved a majority,
and Partha and Robert entered a runoff.  Partha won the runoff
by a single vote, beginning his second term as General Manager.

The election for Site Manager was held next.  The only nomination
was Case Larsen.  The subsequent vote approved Case with no nays.

The last election was for the Board of Directors.  The following 
all ran for and were elected to the board:
Adam Glass
Adam Richter
Robert Cullman
Boyd Montgomery
George Herbert
Geoff Broadwell
John Chung
Peter Shipley
Mike Broadhead
Glen Chester
Peter Kim

Following the Board election, Adam Richter proposed two amendments, one to
the constitution and one to the bylaws.
The constitutional amendment was to change the time of the mandated general
meeting from the ninth to the fourth week in each semester.  It was debated
and a motion to introduce it for a two week discussion and voting period was
rejected by hand vote.

The amendment to the bylaws was to count missed board of directors meetings
(for removal from board for nonattendance) whether said meeting had reached
quorum or not.  It was passed by unanimous voice vote.

Meeting was adjourned at 10:30 PM.


