
ples,

Sorry for the slight delay. I had to mash together the notes Mike and I
took during the meeting. Except this is SM Mike, not Secy Mike, and
we're both boring note takers. GL staying awake. =D

~Genevieve W.

--------------------------------

Logins:
gcwong
matt
kwinterl
gfs
mgasidlo
martex
sanjayk

BoD called to order at 7:31pm

gcwong: Chevron gave us $1,000, so yay.
gcwong: new server v440 from microlab, should pick up at Allston.  it's
85 lbs, 4u. I think we're having it replace the rest of the dying sun
blades.
gcwong: pandemic fan now in Esh, we're waiting for other fan to die
before installing, probably sometime in the next month.

mgasidlo: so apparently we need to end ldap auth
mgasidlo: need to give max notice, will send out announce tonight
/* details on agenda:
requires no new anything if we use the same tools we have now
use one box for late migrations
send ocf-announce giving at least one week's notice
inform them of the change and date
inform them of the availability a late migration server
*/
mgasidlo: i'm lost, this isn't my agenda

mgasidlo: test typhoon. yeah.
/* details on agenda:
upgrade login servers
typhoon is a test LOGIN server, not dev server
can't test approve because its hardcoded to only work on certain hosts..
deal with it..
send ocf-announce giving at least one week's notice
inform them of the upgrade and date
inform them that the replacement is available for testing
mike already gave permission to do it this weekend, but should probably
give users a fighting chance
replacement sandstorm built on outbreak
needs testing from people that understand mail (pretty much nobody at
BoD except sle and sluo)
*/
mgasidlo: sle and sluo aren't here, so we can skip sandstorm

mgasidlo: need to rma this drive
gcwong: what is it?
mgasidlo: i dunno, couldn't find the receipt, sle says it was bought
sometime back in 2007
gcwong: I'll ask one of the past gm's or something

gcwong: so disk array?
mgasidlo: next weekend maybe? Dunno.

BoD adjourns at 7:55 pm


