# 0 | 1/15/2025 (Winter planning meeting)

Scheduled for: Wednesday the 15th of January, 2025, 6pm PST, with virtual option at <https://ocf.io/meet> 


Directors present:

* jedakrisnell
* storce
* lukepeters
* joiew
* ronitnath
* jaysa
* lic
* sawansri
* aly


Guests present:

* waddles
* vacuum


# Agenda and Minutes


:::warning
As this is not an official meeting of the board, we cannot make decisions which require a vote, e.g. purchases

:::

Start time: 6:11


## Prelude regarding Bod Meetings

From @[Ronit Nath](mention://0f3bb787-04e5-4665-8000-ac3a32016e57/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) 


1. We should only take 20-30 minutes. While we are scheduled for the full slot, we shouldn't use all of it. We should get through structured items as quickly as possible, finish the meeting, and move to informal discussion (unstructured time). This is ambitious, and meant to be.
2. BoD is for making decisions, and keeping transparency. Most of the details should be hashed out beforehand, during committee meetings, in #administrivia, 1:1, or in informal meetups (after class hangout). Items which do not require action from the board should be discussed in the time between BoD and GM. 

   
   1. Alternatively, we can take a break to discuss the details of any item, and then reconvene after 10-15 minutes for final voting.
3. Document discussions, decisions, and deliberative processes. The goal is for posterity to be able to look back, and use your same process to achieve their goals. Turnover is high in the OCF, and being able to point to documents as processes helps onboard new members to help us and keep the organization going.

   
   1. Creating documents is the primary method; ensure their organization
   2. Adding comments on documents is one way to document
   3. Making sub-documents on documents is another way
   4. Question: "Do I need to make documents in <x> style? (like the documents linked to this one)" Answer: No


\
## Pre-meeting discussion

For items which will require more discussion before the voting period.


* [Move Meeting Times](./0%20%7C%201%252F15%252F2025%20(Winter%20planning%20meeting)/Move%20Meeting%20Times.md)
* [Committee Meeting Times](./0%20%7C%201%252F15%252F2025%20(Winter%20planning%20meeting)/Committee%20Meeting%20Times.md)
* [Retreat](/doc/retreat-6TMPWNLnHB)


\
## Pending Business

This section is for anything that requires the input of the board (e.g. voting). Finances will later be in this section as well. Note that Passed/Tabled/Failed is the usual syntax for voting meetings.



:::warning
Remember to start ocf.io/meet!

:::


Ronitnath:


1. Confirmation of Move Meeting Times from Wed. 7-8pm to Wed. 6-7pm for BoD
   * Consequences:
     * Lab would need to be closed sooner (Opstaff schedule change)
     * Update lab hours
   * Status: Y
2. Review [Incident Management Framework](./1%20%7C%201%252F22%252F2025/Incident%20Management%20Framework.md): standard method for us to respond to complaints and to document circumstances related to ban decisions
   * Consequences:
     * GMs need to review incidents which happen (paperwork)
     * Training staff on this framework
   * Status: Y
3. Review [Retreat](/doc/retreat-6TMPWNLnHB) planning
   * Status: M


:::tip
Retreat planning!

:::

* Informal vote for [SWE++reservation request](/doc/swereservation-request-0GcisOWCEO): Saturdays 9:30am-12pm, the lab will be used to teach kids
  * Status: Y
  * Consequences:
    * Email SWE
    * Update OM
    * Ensure lab hours are correct
* Review [Purchasing Thresholds Act](./1%20%7C%201%252F22%252F2025/Purchasing%20Thresholds%20Act.md)
  * Status: Y
  * Consequences:
    * None immediately
* Deliberation about [Committee Meeting Times](./0%20%7C%201%252F15%252F2025%20(Winter%20planning%20meeting)/Committee%20Meeting%20Times.md)
  * Proposals: Y
    * ronitnath: Let's have committee meetings 5-6pm on Wednesdays (just before BoD). This keeps GM time for newstaff projects and 
  * Status:
  * Consequences:
    * Schedule meeting times into [Calendar](/doc/calendar-smhP6gzwpA)

storce:

* Informal discussion about Berk1337 partnership (CTF)
  * Status: Y
  * \

<your_username>:

## Action Items

* @open: Add your availability to staff hours
* @username Action_item


## Notification Items

Keeping board in the loop with happenings


ronitnath:

* OCF Calendar (socials)
  * change shorturl? n make public?
    * or just have that be an internal page/staging
  * gcal?
  * Status: keep outline doc as staging area, internal will move events to gcal once they are confirmed/published.
* HKN partnership
* Dev this summer (atdp)
* OCF Coffee Chats
* Early semester marketing
* ASUC senate meeting happening again

storce

* docs migration

jaysa

* streamlining PRs
  * Give Jaysa receipt, Jaysa does PR
  * Train future ficomm staff for this
  * Google form this
  * storce: this would be awesome, as long as you're cool with it (paraphrased)
  * ronitnath: +1, PRs are a *process*
  *  opr - OCF Purchase Request filler script
    * automated PR script, OCR image to PR


## Open Questions

For free form discussion


ronitnath:

* 12/17 Incident
* Socials for the semester?

storce

* staff projects
  * we can reuse, but we'd rather not
  * new ideas for this recruitment cycle
  * rebrand to "challenges" or 'tech challenges'
    * challenge: document this
  * etw: make docs for anything in the OCF. Ask for feedback

lukepeters:

* calapalooza
  * 1/23, Thursday 11am-7pm (or 6pm) in Pauley (indoors!)
  * need schedule for who when
    * 2-3 per slot
  * who is setting up and striking
  * Canned lines
  * Marketing materials
    * thanks rjz for color
    * expected pages print: 400 brochure size
    * @[Jaysa Garcia](mention://ab43be97-469c-42a0-bff6-0a7947046ba4/user/b28be420-7f9a-492b-9847-d8d85dbc94dc) 
  * Make sure to review next BoD
  * pls msg in internal comm


\

\
## <Your items here />


\
# Adjournment

Stop ocf.io/meet

End time: 6:52


\