# 10 | 4/2/2025

Directors in Attendance:

- [ ] adi
- [ ] adymchenko
- [ ] \
- [x] danliu
- [ ] erdaifuu
- [x] fengyihuang (hyper super duper ultimate ultra(lisk) coolest)
- [x] finwan
- [x] jaysa
- [x] jedakrisnell
- [x] jingwenyang
- [x] joiew
- [x] laksith
- [ ] lemurseven
- [x] lic
- [x] lukepeters
- [x] ncostello
- [ ] oliverni
- [x] rjz
- [x] ronitnath
- [x] rsang
- [ ] sawansri
- [ ] sbwilliams
- [x] storce
- [x] tabi
- [x] toke
- [x] msonmez

\*=missed last bod


Guests in Attendance:

* x


Logistics:

Start time: 6:17

Note taker: storce


## Agenda


1. Purchasing xx
2. Discussion of xx

## Items

### Voting

* SWE requested OCF for workshop: Saturday, April 26th, from 9am to 2:30pm.
  * Leave sign in case of OCF hour change
  * Voting:
    * 16 for, passes


* Finances
  * 760 on new monitor
    * Price increase, and will likely go higher
    * Approved five, bought one so far
    * Buy two in total: additional $800
      * Remember to buy more later
    * Voting
      * 17 for, passes
  * Toners
    * OCF contingency purchases due to tariffs? (lol)
      * Have 6 to 5 toners
      * Tariff dropping on April 8th, price will increase
      * Stock up on toners?
      * Allocating $1000
      * Voting:
      * 15 for, passes
  * Paper purchase (nick, thank you!)
    * love you nick - fang
  * Paper purchase
  * Server upgrades for more storage
    * discuss next week
  * Any other purchases?


### Notification

#### Management

* General management: @[Ronit Nath](mention://eb7a1e0c-45e7-4220-8355-01fb1007b3c7/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) @[Joe Wang](mention://e455be89-1535-45bb-adf2-9629dfdc8d29/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718)


  1. Non-decision committee and general updates in GM


     1. Good
  2. Vision on what the OCF space is → recruitment next semester


     1. "OCF is not a printing facility"
     2. Experimental projects are the basis of the OCF → problems with maintenance and documentation
     3. Puppet is an example of old tech stack hard to work with
     4. Laksith: staff should be comfortable with creating new projects
     5. Feng: recruitment is important next semester, lack of technical staff. training is also important
     6. Ronit: need to advertise new "cutting-edge" technology more
     7. Laksith: facilitate VM creation, people can run and test OCF services on them!!
  3. Technical privileges at the OCF
     * → <https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeYwDPNrEe9Ai78XND_hCWpzFNH9shu_g3jNGWqPZ5VVRJN_g/viewform> (also during GM)
     * Many shadow positions, like root staff, gapp, and other things
     * Root:
       * Have levels of root staff based on roles
       * Could be worrying: race conditions
       * What if use sudo to give specific command permissions
         * rjz to joe: re specific point of accessing logs - sure, eg. adm group, but what is the next step? One has access to logs but can't act on them?
       * laksith & rjz: staffvm is the better option
  4. Opstaff position responsibilities for next semester
     * [Opstaff Training](/doc/opstaff-training-uIdOhMpvlk)
     * opstaff projects, there were some discussion about whether they should be part of opstaff JD
       * Laksith: opstaff projects should not be a thing. time could be better used for answering procedure-related questions. should have better documentation.
       * Feng: remove opstaff projects, and make it just general projects, so people can still work on them if they wish. can incentivize recruitment too.
       * Ronit: agreed
       * Laksith: OCF will lose its charm if projects cease to be motivated by passion
       * Tabi & Jeda: hard to get deep work at frontdesk, and opstaff would love to learn more about the OCF. should formalize training.
       * Agreement: remove opstaff projects JD and introduce better opstaff training for standard OCF procedures.
  5. Oliver :olive:


     1. Oliver has officially resigned as SM.
     2. Emergency election for SM right now. Open for nomination.
     3. Nominating Rjz
  6. Committee autonomy


     1. Ronit: committees should be more independent to increase efficiency
     2. Ronit: also we should trust them more
     3. Laksith: bod is like optional except for very important decision-making. should also make ample use of general meeting
  7. Inventory management system


     1. Formal inventory tracking system
  8. One more thing (I forgot, rip \~Ronit)
* Site management  @[Laksith Venkatesh Prabu](mention://869fe865-5abf-4b2e-b908-d50905f7a0f9/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03)
  * Trying new (open) kernel drivers for NVIDIA on Tabitha (opstaff desk computer).
  * From my testing this is now actually more reliable compared to the proprietary drivers and has reached feature parity.
  * Just keep an eye out for any errors / crashes / freezes.
  * [Tabitha](https://docs.ocf.berkeley.edu/doc/tabitha-2e2fjKjACq) - for my notes if anyone is interested
  * Rjz can be pinged.
* Operations staff matters @[Jeda Krisnell Dionisio](mention://3ebc807b-4d0b-40a0-b63e-56065af74c0d/user/3de702d3-cb3d-4c92-930c-0ad68ba7c179)
  * Pay period 4: $2926.50 off CACSSF
  * Request: better inventory system for paper/consistent paper delivery
    * Returning Opstaff feels like this semester especially has been difficult with consistent paper supply
  * Hiring matters
    * [Job description](https://docs.ocf.berkeley.edu/doc/job-description-8GBJ00oxZm)
    * [Google Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ymiBwiB6Y4BdUaoLl9egiW6kf9xvKx8L-5RyI1jDKHg/edit) Application
      * OA: 19.47
        * **Want this to be out by Friday**
        * Q: how much are we paying OA next academic year? (part of application)
* Important support tickets @[Joe Wang](mention://d06933c3-1eed-4f52-ab93-6d20c795abed/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718)
* No more OCF Milk @[Bill Mao](mention://24a88be1-b21a-414f-b184-64fa81f48ea8/user/4fed5130-933e-461a-9da7-d1d3875b8127)
  * Sorry I don't have the time anymore to go out of my way to Costco
  * There's $150 in misc funds if u wanna buy it yourself


#### Committees

FINANCE @[Jaysa Garcia](mention://88146bb2-1f65-4bd5-a1f5-d0b81065fdf4/user/b28be420-7f9a-492b-9847-d8d85dbc94dc) @[Rosarin Sanglimsuwan](mention://192ee087-7d1f-4375-bb5c-8b79b255fc39/user/9d8cf118-0db6-46bc-b6d4-d3df3044ec26)

* ABSA appeal deadline lapsed
  * [callink finance data in the drive lol](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19JwvTmeT56kpxkMX8EFdWBsEDVPwrn1xIiRPc5EPDCI/edit?usp=sharing)


INTERNAL @[Luke Peters](mention://aa33b5cb-561a-46a6-ab12-d08d7abd8b5a/user/8b46f1ab-93e9-4cfd-bc37-87f096167fe5) @[Joie Wu](mention://c70774ad-bd64-4409-952f-0333d12609f9/user/1002ea40-0605-48f2-b19a-a71d220d7127)

* Tech talks this month!
  * rchopra this Friday???
  * Ben Cuan Wed 9th
    * systems engineer @ sutter hill ventures
    * how and why to make a cool website
  * Sahil Wed 16th
    * Fintech (dots.dev) <- preferred
    * Topic requests?
      * suggested: ==how moving money works==, starting a company, infrastructure
  * Mathew Wed 30th
    * Law (Foley & Lardner)
    * Topic requests?
      * Pivoting to a career in law, focus on privacy from a legal perspective
      * Industry - how privacy laws affect companies, considerations for start-ups and selling a company
      * Result → focus on privacy laws
  * Maybe cooperc

MARKETING @[Jonathan Zhang](mention://5a1945c2-541e-4272-be0e-6e16ea42ce08/user/ff1b1d88-bb95-4b99-ae38-ff52f109d546) @[Jingwen Yang](mention://0cd69bbc-f5b7-41aa-8ec3-2af15fce434b/user/66771ede-14b7-4692-8b6e-ff5b0441d126)

* x


DECAL @[Sawan Srivastava](mention://9ebc2946-1e08-4936-b4da-cce699634bcd/user/959bf67a-9c60-4e3f-9182-e3df0444f533) @[Carl Luo](mention://4ea0a5cd-e78e-4447-a61d-49f3797c4e4e/user/b0d29392-8703-483b-9120-407bd1b86089)

* 18 people i think attended tuesday decal (very good for midterm season)
  * they were able to sit through over an hour of lecture (win)
    * mr.sawan is busy with his midterm


## Final

End time bod: 7:02