# 12 | 04/16/25

Directors in Attendance:

- [x] adi
- [ ] adymchenko
- [ ] aly
- [ ] danliu
- [x] erdaifuu
- [x] fengyihuang (hyper super duper final ultimate hydra ultra(lisk) coolest)
- [x] finwan
- [x] jaysa
- [x] jedakrisnell
- [x] jingwenyang
- [x] joiew
- [x] laksith
- [x] lic
- [x] lukepeters
- [ ] ncostello
- [x] rjz
- [x] ronitnath
- [x] rsang
- [x] sawansri
- [x] sbwilliams
- [x] storce
- [ ] tabi
- [x] toke
- [x] msonmez

\*=missed last bod


Guests in Attendance:

* anitading


Logistics:

Start time: xx:xx

Note taker: xxx


## Agenda


1. Purchasing xx
2. Discussion of xx

## Items

### Voting

* Buysheet
  * x
  * x
  * x
* @[Joe Wang](mention://f3fa3945-b1dc-417a-998a-9ede106fa93a/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718) Ecosia wants to be the default search engine of the OCF. They are eco-friendly but not necessarily privacy-friendly.
  * No - SM veto; also we need DDG
* @[Jeda Krisnell Dionisio](mention://b3568258-3357-4400-9a89-b5f4ff7945fb/user/3de702d3-cb3d-4c92-930c-0ad68ba7c179) @[Ronit Nath](mention://4c67dfc4-305c-463b-9d8a-8489becd3649/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) @[Joe Wang](mention://11757c37-d8c8-43a4-9536-b16b3f734ee9/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718) hiring email recipients — who are we sending it to?
  * 1: users with account created after January 1st 2024: 8336 (doesn't include the 2nd and 3rd years who created account before)
  * 2: all of users ever: 15k
  * **3: people who have logged in this academic year**


### Notification

#### Management

* University relations
* Industry relations
  * @[Joe Wang](mention://1055fe44-b460-4fc9-ac23-5d9b59d1fd72/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718) This startup (primeintellect.ai) messaged us about an event and a possible meeting. Reluctant to participate in name of the OCF (at least for the time being) but might be a cool experience. Sharing here. "decentralized training of ai models", kinda foss/ digital communism related…?
* Site management @[laksith](mention://32c2dfe1-dee9-4345-a225-a9d8b177b49d/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) @[Jonathan Zhang](mention://ec501fd1-3da1-4d4c-be54-6501ce64b465/user/ff1b1d88-bb95-4b99-ae38-ff52f109d546)
  * @[Joe Wang](mention://48d4895b-1861-4acf-b320-9e16ff54904b/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718)  safelist siteimprove crawler IP
    * They said we started block their IP starting Jan?
  * @[Jonathan Zhang](mention://b9ecc741-4cf2-4783-8eae-3d6c1245befe/user/ff1b1d88-bb95-4b99-ae38-ff52f109d546) go to datacenter tomorrow to replace a hard drive with Rjz?
    * Yes: ronitnath; storce; lic
    * anytime before 5pm on Thusday
* Operations staff matters @[Jeda Krisnell Dionisio](mention://3ebc807b-4d0b-40a0-b63e-56065af74c0d/user/3de702d3-cb3d-4c92-930c-0ad68ba7c179)
  * Inventory: we're going to be checking paper supply every Tuesday and Friday closing
    * When we dip to 10(?) reams left, we'll message about it
  * Tech issue about special cases with printing with "pages between x and x." Sometimes it doesn't align (Joe knows about this?)
    * probably because of pdf encryption, not Okular
  * Expand hours for the week of 4/28 (last week of instruction and no decal)?
    * Also how about RRR and Finals week?
    * deferring until financial projections are made
  * Blanket allocation for Opstaff end of year social? The plan is to get food together
    * yippee $200?
* Important support tickets @[Joe Wang](mention://d06933c3-1eed-4f52-ab93-6d20c795abed/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718)
* \*M nominations
  * \
* Committee Urgent Updates:
  * \


#### General Meeting Agenda:

FINANCE @[Jaysa Garcia](mention://88146bb2-1f65-4bd5-a1f5-d0b81065fdf4/user/b28be420-7f9a-492b-9847-d8d85dbc94dc) @[Rosarin Sanglimsuwan](mention://192ee087-7d1f-4375-bb5c-8b79b255fc39/user/9d8cf118-0db6-46bc-b6d4-d3df3044ec26)

* we can technically still push keychron through
  * $8,213 (From $8,000)
  * let's place order tonight (general consensus)
  * supplies arrived (2 week lead time xd)


INTERNAL @[Luke Peters](mention://aa33b5cb-561a-46a6-ab12-d08d7abd8b5a/user/8b46f1ab-93e9-4cfd-bc37-87f096167fe5) @[Joie Wu](mention://c70774ad-bd64-4409-952f-0333d12609f9/user/1002ea40-0605-48f2-b19a-a71d220d7127)

* shasan tech talk tonightttttt!
* is alumni/end of year LAN party real
* Karaoke Social Friday @7. Be there :smirk_cat:
* Oasis emailed back saying that they had sent out a form last week. They did not
  * Went to Oasis office today. They say they forwarded my email to their advisor and messaged people. Waiting for response
* If not, lab still open. Opstaff will be on saturday anyway but yall should stop by in the lab. I'll put like posters and candy and stop
* For tabling: [Cal Day Availability 25](./12%20%7C%2004%252F16%252F25/Cal%20Day%20Availability%2025.md)
* \


MARKETING @[Jonathan Zhang](mention://5a1945c2-541e-4272-be0e-6e16ea42ce08/user/ff1b1d88-bb95-4b99-ae38-ff52f109d546) @[Jingwen Yang](mention://0cd69bbc-f5b7-41aa-8ec3-2af15fce434b/user/66771ede-14b7-4692-8b6e-ff5b0441d126)

* I want to make the poster real:
  * 1. do we approve the get linux
  * 2. is color printer working
  * @[Joie Wu](mention://ba4554ea-ae7f-461b-bd21-b0557c5e062d/user/1002ea40-0605-48f2-b19a-a71d220d7127) can we get flyers and poster?
    * yes
  * @[Joie Wu](mention://cd30628b-be74-4522-b603-941f8a27a8ed/user/1002ea40-0605-48f2-b19a-a71d220d7127) → can we get candids of OCFers? (@[Ronit Nath](mention://6fdd9b10-9700-4bdf-9a25-369d3691bef5/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) yes I have some)
* Jingwen will send some more posters
* @[Joie Wu](mention://d720fc17-7604-4f4d-8b37-8080418c157f/user/1002ea40-0605-48f2-b19a-a71d220d7127) update on hoodies?
  * send jingwen a message to make this real
  * @[Rosarin Sanglimsuwan](mention://f4bb91f1-8659-4198-9d95-98e7d52f4358/user/9d8cf118-0db6-46bc-b6d4-d3df3044ec26) has a hoodie design
  * @[Jingwen Yang](mention://e29e7988-a710-4143-9528-ed92769c07bc/user/66771ede-14b7-4692-8b6e-ff5b0441d126) , you have full permission to do whatever is required to make hoodies real, besides the cost allocation
* Jingwen creating a thing for tech talk speaker flyering

  \


DECAL @[Sawan Srivastava](mention://9ebc2946-1e08-4936-b4da-cce699634bcd/user/959bf67a-9c60-4e3f-9182-e3df0444f533) @[Carl Luo](mention://4ea0a5cd-e78e-4447-a61d-49f3797c4e4e/user/b0d29392-8703-483b-9120-407bd1b86089)

* none


Proposals for committee names @[laksith](mention://ae57e4c1-e03e-431d-9705-85957a62600e/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) :100:

* Finance → Ministry of Finance
* Internal → Ministry of Culture
* Marking & Design → Ministry of Communications
* Decal → Ministry of Education
  * jingwen: education is wild
* Industry → Ministry of External Affairs
* University → Ministry of Internal Affairs
* BoD → Legislative Assembly
* SM → Prime Ministers
* GM → Supreme Leaders (@[Fengyi Huang](mention://f4bb13c2-1af2-4e92-a42a-476db41ff006/user/f25c072b-330a-4a54-9278-c5e3606b69c6) ) Laksith: Presidents
* OM → Governor General
* Committee Heads → Ministers


Imperial System @[Leo Singh](mention://6fe54edd-cd5a-4d4e-916f-ff4a93e00a72/user/f303fbcb-cdb8-448b-8b19-b46a412e4f20) @[Ronit Nath](mention://367d393f-ca99-4224-ae94-1d7b57315b78/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) @[Fengyi Huang](mention://77116444-aec7-4acf-9922-3dd8e5462d54/user/f25c072b-330a-4a54-9278-c5e3606b69c6)

* GM → Consul
* SM → Governor


\

## Final

End time: xx:xx