# 13 | Election | 4/23/25

Attendees:

- [x] adi
- [ ] adymchenko\*
- [ ] aly\*
- [ ] danliu\*
- [x] erdaifuu
- [x] fengyihuang (cyber hyper super duper final ultimate hydra ultra(lisk) coolest)
- [x] finwan
- [x] jaysa
- [x] jedakrisnell
- [ ] jingwenyang
- [x] joiew
- [x] laksith
- [x] lic
- [x] lukepeters
- [x] ncostello\*
- [x] rjz
- [x] ronitnath
- [x] rsang
- [x] sawansri
- [x] sbwilliams
- [x] storce
- [x] tabi\*
- [x] toke
- [x] msonmez

\*=missed last bod 

# <https://tinyurl.com/ocfbods25>

Guests in attendance:

* tiffanie


## Agenda

* Board:
  * Operations updates
  * Financial Matters
  * Decisional Matters
  * GM election
  * SM election
* General Meeting:
  * Committee Updates
  * Management Updates
  * Project Updates
* Need to replace mailbox key @[Ronit Nath](mention://a45212ef-525d-4372-b9d4-e9d648e8e939/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) @[Joe Wang](mention://111b746a-ef51-4d52-a2dd-d4c254e038c7/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718) 
  * talk to Andy Hang
  * file lost key report w/ UCPD
* Site:
  * HDD replaced on fallingrocks @[Jonathan Zhang](mention://02d6ffd2-9979-4a20-aea3-427203d7ee41/user/ff1b1d88-bb95-4b99-ae38-ff52f109d546) @[Sophie Williams](mention://e1bd1810-4b67-4bc4-809d-86fad121b2c2/user/691ce5dd-adb9-40e3-8244-032a45bfcc11) 
  * Install remmina on desktops
  * \


# Board Meeting

Meeting start time: 6:16

Minutes taker: ronit recording + rjz on meetings


## Operations Updates

Anticipated: 6:10-6:15

@[Jeda Krisnell Dionisio](mention://2bc6d51a-1fde-4626-859f-d95d85e05b7e/user/3de702d3-cb3d-4c92-930c-0ad68ba7c179) 

* LMAO we got 11 applications
  * Thank you for those who signed up to help, but I'm going to prioritize Opstaff ratings & current GMs (9 people rating all 11 ideally)
* Still waiting on if we can financially support RRR and Finals week hours expansion (aka every day closing at 8pm unless BoD)
  * jaysa TODO: check CACSSF projections, see how much to extend hours RRR/Finals
* OM hiring pushed next week because I'm busy and also Eleonore still needs to write her speech → what details to include?
  * vision for the future of OCF, initiatives, time commitments… anything else? **why** LMAO

## Financial Updates

Anticipated: 6:15-6:20


## Decision Requiring Matters

Anticipated: 6:20-6:30-

* @[Ronit Nath](mention://b5c28f0d-2693-4c64-ae69-4541e8c01ea9/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) 
  * How to do async Operations Manager election
  * Expand operations staff hiring due to applicant count?
* @[Fengyi Huang](mention://38b8a8e6-0cc3-4be5-8022-75d45607caa7/user/f25c072b-330a-4a54-9278-c5e3606b69c6) 
  * Director requirements update
  * [Board of Directors changes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-fAYz-f-PO9qDwqwvv3qj8d5XbZqdCHmIq1q4GW5uio/edit?tab=t.0)
    * rjz: procedural: did we second it on 4/9?
    * see constitution

## Elections


### General Manager Election

Anticipated: 6:30-6:45

Speeches: 

* Feng
* Luke
* Joie

Deliberation period

Voting period


\
joie:

did a lot of things for internal since elected last fall

work on exposure and recruitment (priorities)

tabling

will be able to step up to do what the office demands if elected


Qs:

* fengyihuang: workload: locking in!
  * registration tomorrow, not yet planned out classes yet
  * ideally: \~15 units + decal
  * will lock in both academically and for ocf
  * will eat at least 2 meals a day
* jaysa: how do you plan to manage relationships w/ various campus entities
* eg communication w sms, etc.
  * wanna do a firmer approach
    * has been radicalized by the latest tech talk
    * "maybe we should be a little bit more \[?\]"
    * we have a lot of weight that we don't take advantage of
    * be more assertive
    * push for initiatives 
* ronitnath: vision for ocf
  * like the culture here
  * don't want it to be too like the consulting clubs
  * openness
  * get more people around
  * get stronger campus identity of what the ocf is and does
  * for the ocf itself, recruitment is the main thing
* jedakrisnell: how would you integrate opstaff with ocf in general
  * fostering a stronger connection
  * don't think its necessary to mandate opstaff as a part of bod
  * value stronger connections & communications
    * currently opstaff gets news through bod
  * strengthen communication between opstaff and bod
* \


## Luke

* has been internal head for the last few semesters + at the ocf for a couple of years now!
* reflecting on 

  what vision for ocf is and how ocf will proceed
* similar to prev
* ocf as stewards of a really long tradition
* here for 36 years
* ability to improve a lot of students' lives and rso's abilities to operate on this campus
* our history is a testament to how effective the ocf is
* would want to continue working with all the comms esp internal esp re: recruitment
* expanding presence on campus and with asuc as a whole eg tabling
* want to work more closely with asuc 
* more regular communications on where the ocf stands and what we want to see happen on the level of asuc
* open to suggestions and feedback
* philosophy is to listen to people as much as possible and to incorporate as many opinions and viewpoints as possible

### Qs:

* jaysa: courseload?
  * \~13u
  * ECs? OCF is my "full time job"
* jedakrisnell: how would you integrate opstaff with ocf
  * similar to what i said about what i would like to see with us and asuc as a whole
    * strengthening communication
    * both sides listening and understanding of each other's needs
    * both opstaff and volstaff are integral to the ocf
    * for starters, channel for bod / staff / opstaff to communicate
    * maybe semi-regular meetings \*M / opstaff
* jaysa: opinion w/ ocf's relationship currently with OSS community ? balancing ocf's culture as a technical club w/ accessibility (as in new members)
  * first part: we are not directly putting out software / products that other people use directly
  * see ocf as a platform for people to hone their skills 
  * increasing visibility of open source software to \~\~ipad kids\~\~
    * black boxes
    * grew up on macs when they were open-ish
    * liked working with stuff
    * still operates an email server (since 8th gr)
    * see ability to use the terminal and understanding how os's work under the hood as important
  * second part: 
    * tbh no clear answer yet
    * think its worthwhile to encourage as much technical experimentation as possible for those interested
    * create culture of mentorship and sharing to have people who are currently doing this kinds of things to engage in activities that pass on that knowledge

## fengyihuang

* welcome to my ted talk
* im fengyi, aka feng
* currently staff
* unfortunately missed the last election
* hopefully running for gm because want to initiate changes
* in the lab a lot
* gamer
* ocf is a second home to me
* find it importable to give back
* tries to help people in whatever ways i have
* ^ finds that important
* recruitment and RETAINMENT
* ocf has had troubles w/ retainment
* a lot of interest wrt recruitment
* people show up to gm and then get disinterested w/ slides and or projects as the year gets busier
* want to work well with SMs to help people do technical stuff and provide the resources that they need
* documentation important
  * in gauging needs, etc.
* many people leaving
* need committed technical staff
* staffvm good plan!
* root a high bar
* staffvm good for leveling up and experimentation
* social level ocf great place
* enjoyed ronit's idea of using socials to introduce new people
*  advertising to MLK + berkeley as a whole important
* signs in MLK
* giving ourselves more presence
* \

### Qs:

* jedakrisnell: how would you integrate opstaff with ocf
  * there's a tad bit of divide
  * difference in timeslot at the ocf
  * social events like karaoke to bring people together
  * making sure opstaff feel invited and important at the ocf
  * retreat also an important way to achieve this
  * happens later in the year, good for forming closer connections
* ronitnath: time committment
  * 4 units — data 8!!
  * delayed graduation
  * have plenty of time
* nick: joke question - how to balance academics with ocf?
  * w a lot of fortnite
* past leadership:
  * eagle scout
  * research lead to my current research
    * ai in low level healthcare
    * \
* jaysa: opinion w/ ocf's relationship currently with OSS community ? balancing ocf's culture as a technical club w/ accessibility (as in new members)
  * i believe we should still support oss and making it a foundation of what we represent
  * just for our mission goals along its important to keep using oss
  * ocf being technical doesn't need to sacrifice non-technical activities
  * to make ocf more sophisticated - documentation important
  * non-technical projects
  * if you don't do technical work at the ocf you should still be welcome at the ocf

    \
    \


### Site Manager Election

Anticipated: 6:45-7:00

Speeches: 

* Joe
* Sophie
* Jaysa

Deliberation period

Voting period

## Joe

* current gm
* has bveen dealing with technical tasks too
* have a decent understanding of ocf arch
* also wrote docs
* ready technically to be the next sm
* excited for the ocf
* and personally
* regardless of if elected, learned a lot about computers
* owe most of what i know today to. the ocf + friends
* special place for me
* ocf infra is kinda a mess rn
* need to spend a lot of time working on docs
* begone oldkube
* make sure everything works
* as approachable as possible to new members

### Qs:

* workload?:
* PNP breadth + 61C + 161
* 12u
* jaysa: are there parts of the ocf infra that you want to simplify
  * novelty of the ocf is a pretty important part of who we are
  * if we are not at the bleeding edge it wouldn't be as important or as cool
  * important that we evolve with time
  * but also important to have good docs and not overcomplicate things
  * \
* rjz: would you be willing and able to come to the ocf after 12am if things go wrong and the server room is at 120f?
  * yes
* laksith: role of ocf in the general open source community
  * not sure if there are similar orgs
  * havent felt a lot of open source influence other than the people
  * we should keep utilizing open source tech
  * open source should be a culture
  * important to keep 
* rjz: hypothetical perfect closed source printing system vs current system
  * delib with bod
  * but given the issues with the current printing system
  * would seriously consider using that
  * our mission is to serve the campus
  * and printing is important to us so would seriously delib that piece of software

## Sophie

* junior, 1st sem at ocf
* learned how to collaborate with others, very involved in new staff process
* deep eoxperience wth. sysadmin and also experience with kubernetes
* only place on campus to do linux
* we need more documentation
* getting people invovled in complciated stuff is one of the main draws here
* we should have a stronger culture of documenting as you work
* if more of our decision making process in coding was publically accessible it would be more conducive to contributing
* taking undocumented oldkube out of our ecosystem
* how I contrib:
  * troubleshooting, building bootstrapping new desktops
  * migrating create from oldkube to newkube
  * this is something I want to document more and do more for
  * there should be more visibility onto what people can work on
* Qs:
  * time commitments?
    * 8-12units
  * jaysa: personal relationship with oss? thoughts? ocf oss relationship?
    * like oss, feel like oss is fundamental to ocf
    * people are committed to open source
    * would like to continue using foss as much as possible
    * but open to adopting closed software for accessibility reasons (eg. discord)
  * fengyihuang: for the long term, whats your vision of the ocf technical/non-technically
    * largely in line with how it is now but more idealized?
    * want to foster an environment such that both as now (contributing to the campus) also as a place for people to get involved w interesting technology
  * laksith: burnout?
    * feel confident to pace myself
    * fully intent to honor commitment and not letting myself getting to a state of burnout


## Jaysa

* hi my name is jaysa garcia as some of you may or may not know
* current ficomm head
* been here since freshman year (now a junior)
* not CS from beginning OCF. Didn't even intend it. Planning on being a lawyer
* It was intimidating how technical everyone was at the beginning
* So I focused on administrative side. I was GM two semesters, decal head, internal head before as well
* Being part of OCF really contributed to me going down the path to declaring CS
  * I've been out this semester while going down this path & courseload
* Running for SM is pushing me to contribute more technically
* I have my own homelab where I toy with a lot of the infra the OCF runs
* Agree with Joe & Sophie on documentation
* We should have a log that SMs use while they're coding, so less repetition for problem solving
* If you all swear to hold me to all of the above even if I drop my SM ticket, I will drop it. Joe and Sophie are both very well-qualified candidates and I want them to be SM.


### Qs: 

* leosingh: OSS?

  make close source software lame
* make OSS cool. Hype it up!
  * good!
* rjz question brought up
  * no perfect software, what if it breaks over time?
* time committment:
  * cs168 (ez)
  * cs169 (software engineering)
  * 2 eng classes
    * romantic lit
    * \
  * vs this sem: 162, 186


[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1jX0rNxoUZ8PMOtpSQAJE3B2PEwn31VGcS6d9Aq4Lwlc/edit](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1jX0rNxoUZ8PMOtpSQAJE3B2PEwn31VGcS6d9Aq4Lwlc/edit)

## Fin.

### Deferred Decisions:

* Push back GM by 30 minutes, or do it immediately?


Meeting end time: 

Minutes preparation:


# General Meeting

Meeting start time: 

Note taker:

## Management Updates

Anticipated: 5 minutes

### Elections

* @[Ronit Nath](mention://b5c28f0d-2693-4c64-ae69-4541e8c01ea9/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) 
  * Election results for GM & SM
  * Committee head nominations out
  * Async OM election next board meeting
  * New leadership should go to Spring Chartered Program Summit, 12pm Tues 29th in Bayview Room (Esh 5th)


## Committee Updates

Anticipated: 15 minutes

### Internal

* Social happened  (●ˇ∀ˇ●) + Cal day happened: \~50 signatures ✪ ω ✪
* We decided alumni/end of year LAN party real. 
* GOLDEN BEAR WELCOME
  * We signed up. Like Cal day but transfers 11:00-3:00
    * Do we want to give out our stickers? 


### Finance

* jaysa: nobody stage 2'd my keychron PR from last wed until today :(
  * i will be here this summer to watch out for delivery
* **paper/toner supply?**
  * rjz will buy 3 more
* there are 6 OAs one OM
* will do RRR/Finals week hours budgeting tonight


### Marketing


### Decal

* Anyone wanna facilitate for the decal next year
* EECS decal applications open up May 19 and as it's first come first serve without priority for existing decals… so the plan is to get this in basically on the day it opens up.
* Will need at least a week or so to get our faculty sponsor signature from Peyrin.
* Let us know by the end of the week if you want to get upto 2 units of P/NP credit for facilitating.
  * First time facilitators will need to attend a training workshop (basically just a zoom call) if you want to get units. There's 2 more sessions you can sign up for this semester (sorry @[laksith](mention://44253c6f-b102-4b11-b1a6-5af958e23d7d/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) forgot to mention this earlier):
    * Friday, April 25 11AM-12PM
    * Wednesday, April 30 3-4PM 
  * <https://slc.berkeley.edu/programs/undergraduate-course-facilitator-training-and-resources-ucftr/formats-service>
  * Sign up form: <https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc5_88vxwP8WZzGj6lP_NaA6kbMWTWz6e4CW1pSnYf5ZuKnIw/viewform>
* You don't need to attend these workshops if you want to facilitate only if you want to get units for it. 

## Project Updates

Anticipated: 10 minutes

### Website deployment


### OCF Web


### HPC


### OCF Game Dev


\
## Fin.

Meeting end time:

Minutes preparer: