# 14 | Elec Pt2 | 4/30/25

Attendees:

- [x] adi
- [x] adymchenko\* (abstaining from voting)
- [x] aly\*
- [ ] danliu\*
- [x] erdaifuu
- [x] fengyihuang (supreme cyber hyper super duper final ultimate hydra ultra(lisk) coolest)
- [x] finwan
- [ ] jaysa
- [x] jedakrisnell
- [x] jingwenyang\*
- [x] joiew
- [x] laksith
- [x] lic
- [x] lukepeters
- [x] ncostello
- [x] rjz
- [x] ronitnath
- [x] rsang
- [x] sawansri
- [x] sbwilliams
- [x] storce
- [x] tabi
- [x] toke
- [x] msonmez

\*=missed last bod 


Guests:

Knives

Gianna

Isabelle

anitading


Agenda (DO NOT EDIT):

* Updates
  * Committee
  * Operations
  * Management
    * Site
    * General
* Elections
  * Operations Manager
  * Decal
  * Finance
  * Marketing
  * Internal
* Voting
  * Electoral
  * Finances

    \

Notes:


## Updates

### Committee updates

Internal @[Joie Wu](mention://b8780aaa-b765-4447-b8de-b4728a15c44b/user/1002ea40-0605-48f2-b19a-a71d220d7127) 

* Tech talk tn
* A lot of js stickers 
* Alumni LAN party: Friday dead week, time TBD

Finance @[Rosarin Sanglimsuwan](mention://fa5440b6-9ca5-43f7-b1e9-1ac174079990/user/9d8cf118-0db6-46bc-b6d4-d3df3044ec26) 

* What transactions have been approved?
* PR for more lab supplies coming in next week

Marketing

* Status on posters and flyering efforts?
* \

Decal

* Finished grading all the labs, sending progress reports


### Operations Udpate

* \
  * Looking for someone to Sat shift (10am-2pm)
    * Op staff social, need subshift
  * Making RRR and Finals schedules
    * RRR: M-F 9am-8pm except W at 6pm
    * Finals: M-F 9am-8pm
  * Hiring update: it looks like about 5 people are going to get interviewed
    * Email send out tomorrow


### Site updates @[laksith](mention://9d4d606f-b280-4c04-a01b-f652838091af/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) @[Jonathan Zhang](mention://c20cdd77-944a-469c-9c93-3a8f1db27ec8/user/ff1b1d88-bb95-4b99-ae38-ff52f109d546) 

* 1 weak hard drive on corruption (300k+ read recovery attempts and increasing), 3 slightly better
* tried to switch to the hot spare but the spare failed :(
* ~~potential replacement:~~ [~~https://serverpartdeals.com/products/toshiba-mg09-mg09scp18ta-hdepya0smb51-18tb-7-2k-rpm-sas-12gb-s-4kn-sed-3-5-hard-drive~~](https://serverpartdeals.com/products/toshiba-mg09-mg09scp18ta-hdepya0smb51-18tb-7-2k-rpm-sas-12gb-s-4kn-sed-3-5-hard-drive) ~~(need to verify SAS compatibility with corruption)~~
* summer infra + docs revamp - BoD authorization for max budget in case of expenses that might come up
  * $2500 ? (prioritize ASUC ABSA fund, JS would also work)
    * @[Rosarin Sanglimsuwan](mention://3f7ef54b-c763-4acc-886d-09c6c5c8b0d0/user/9d8cf118-0db6-46bc-b6d4-d3df3044ec26) Should have enough
    * Passes with 16 votes in favor
  * Both @[laksith](mention://f5217cee-4f57-45c8-8088-d6a7da100d2d/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) @[Jonathan Zhang](mention://db52db28-0b85-40b2-824d-fe2c511268a8/user/ff1b1d88-bb95-4b99-ae38-ff52f109d546) have time during summer
  * Summer is prime time for revamp since its okay for services to be down temporarily
  * Make sure documentation is through! 
  * Debian —> Proxmox


### General Affairs @[Ronit Nath](mention://b609f8df-b131-4f3a-a833-5ffa90b149d4/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) @[Joe Wang](mention://c9da3a93-80cf-45d9-88e7-56d88c86958b/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718) 

* ASUC election results
* Timeline for the rest of the semester
* Timeline for next semester
* Physical space rearrangement
* Use jitsi
* Buying Bang! Pt.2 (jk, or is it a jk….)
* [ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet) → new request :)


## Elections

### Operations Manager

* Gianna
  * OCF is very important for her! Became integral part of her life. 
  * Suggestion for policies
    * Marketing: highlight our contributions to the campus
      * ex: Decal, SWE++
      * New marketing committee split between op staff and vol staff
        * Bring two groups together
        * Op staff can be paid for working on marketing comm work + other projects during decal time
    * Single channel of communication between vol staff and op staff
      * Currently there is a communication gap between two staff groups
      * Willing to work on this when elected as OM!
  * Has management experiences! Will take this seriously
  * **Questions**:
    * Taking 4 classes, editor in chief, and some other non-compulsory meetings
      * A little bit heavier, but still doable
    * OM should keep checking in on other op staffs, continue the culture, keep op staff as open of a channel as possible
    * op staff training could be a bit tighter. Currently, training does not introduce them to vol staff
      * Split training session, 1. with op staff 2. with vol staff
      * More technical training: more knowledge of linux and commands
    * The proposed committee would be election based, project assignments on both the op staff and vol staff
      * op staff running the social media, hiring flyers, promoting SWE++
      * Can make graphics herself. Always willing to help their teammates.
      * Push this committee as much as possible, not forcing people to do it.
* Knives
  * Has always been very connected with our core mission. Has plenty of experience maintaining the OCF under diverse scenarios
  * Transparency & collaboration 
  * Expand our presence on campus
    * Flyers and tabling
    * Social media, like instagram
    * Get more people involved in creative projects
      * A more stable marketing committee
  * Encourage connection between vol staff and op staff, SM, GM should be closer to op staff
  * Create a deeper connection with co-workers, encourage people to speak, keep a friendly atmosphere
  * Considering picking up a second job, but it is only part-time, and taking 4 classes
  * **Questions**:
    * vol staff involvement in op staff training can help integrate both groups
      * socials involving both groups would also be beneficial
    * Care about op staff on a personal level, so doesnt find it difficult getting to know new op staffers when it comes to upholding op staff culture
    *  The OCF is providing adequate services, we are moving towards the right direction
      * For example, we can do more streamlined process for borrowing chargers, ie. documentation about what we are renting out
* Eleonore
  * Current at the airport, recorded her OM speech since she is traveling
  * Third year as op staff, spending the current semester studying abroad
  * Really like opstaff as a community, and has previous experience with managing, scheduling people
    * Experience with payment processing and vol staff
  * Future vision:
    * Connect with other tech clubs could be fun
    * Technical training for op staffers
    * Partner with DSP making the lab more accessible
  * More ideas!
    * Name tags: getting to know vols staff at the start of the semester
    * shared troubleshooting guide between volstaff and opstaff
  * Exec on consulting club and 15-16 units
  * **Questions**
    * Trying to balance between being professional and personal
    * Socials and informal working environment can uphold the current op staff culture
    * Create an informal social session for opstaff to meet volstaff
      * Invite volstaff behind the desk and yap
      * Make sure people are interacting during social hours
    * Should be careful not to overextend ourselves when it comes to marketing
    * Printing and scanning are great (when they operate)
    * Advertise OCF to big classes as a place to print their cheatsheets

  # OM Voting Link: <https://tinyurl.com/ocf-s25-om> (Use Berkeley G Suite) - Responses will be collected until 7:40 PM, Thursday 5/1
* \

### Decal

* Sawan: current decal head, taught lectures and graded labs. worked on porting from 0xcf to ocf repos and worked on the CI/CD
* Carl: worked on the back end day to day running of the decal like website, Ed, and email
* Lic: took the decal this semester it was cool.
* one un-contested ticket - Sawan + Carl + Lic


### Finance

* rosie: money!!
* finna: let's not be in debt, I'll do excel and other things to achieve this
  * nick question: can we use libre office instead?
  * no response


### Marketing

* jingweng: this position is different from the others as it doesn't require human interaction which is why it's true.
* mina: want to increase the presence of the OCF more on campus, have more small cute socials like going out for picnics, food, day trips etc…. Add a mentor mentee system, check in with staff to see how people are doing etc… and want to take more pics!!! for the future OCF staffers to stalk us


### Internal

@[Nicholas Costello](mention://ece88584-3a06-47cd-adaf-e802ef7129a1/user/b01dce6a-3456-43b8-ae9a-014fa97323eb) : I've been a member of the OCF for over 2 years now and the OCF is very dear to me! Haven't made too many technical contributions but will use my managorial skills for this position. will keep the tradition of tech talks to keep  interesting and engaging stuff going on. will plan more socials with snacks etc… and should have events that invite all staff to help unify the club further. Will do integration for new and developing staff. hopefully this will help increase the number of technical contributions. 

@[Kevin Truong](mention://63a7afd0-abe1-4957-a459-c3dcc3c4e586/user/8c27deac-6ed5-450e-927b-b6c5713c5e71) : been a part of the club since fall but has been more active this semester. enjoyed the retreat etc… so will plan on a lot more similar events in the future. 

@[Joie Wu](mention://0ab9eaba-790e-4cbf-ad1f-2a376150415b/user/1002ea40-0605-48f2-b19a-a71d220d7127) : Do I have to do this?

* yes!!

My name is Joie Wu!!! I served as internal head this semester and it was pretty chill. I want to work more on the classic recruiting, socials etc… BUT WHO IS DOING SOCIAL MEDIA?? a lot of people talked about this but who's actually doing this?? Will focus on retreat planning early on for future semesters. will try to maintain the culture. will take the decal finally - this will make it 18 units. might join new clubs as well next semester. 

* @[Luke Peters](mention://fa9566f4-60e0-4530-8d85-99a55d103f86/user/8b46f1ab-93e9-4cfd-bc37-87f096167fe5) can you catch this bus!!!!
* (misses)

# Comms Voting Link: <https://tinyurl.com/ocf-s25-comms> (Use Berkeley G Suite)

* \

## Voting

### Constitutional Amendments


@[Fengyi Huang](mention://e1de34e8-6b74-4483-bd01-8e5201255191/user/f25c072b-330a-4a54-9278-c5e3606b69c6) \nBoard of Directors Changes, adapted to fit our Constitution and Bylaws

* [Original Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-fAYz-f-PO9qDwqwvv3qj8d5XbZqdCHmIq1q4GW5uio/edit?tab=t.0)
* [Adaptation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tIQCZvE5bR9xaJvgrqI8CXPgqqk8lzxSajNWHzgEO9g/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.j2gva9volwjl)

As per our Constitutional rules, for changes to take place, they must be seconded, and put into place through a vote at the next BoD meeting.


@[Aditya Mangalampalli](mention://6e9e4855-9e24-430d-ab68-9591c548fae7/user/0e5aad42-b0ce-4453-b175-434e1be2a77e) 

Changes focusing on organization inclusiveness and financial allocations

(Retracted)\n

@[Ronit Nath](mention://34e3c93d-95cc-4834-ab62-789d915ddea1/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) 

Technical changes to have OCF leadership structure more closely match our current operations and allow more long term flexibility

[Policy Proposals](./14%20%7C%20Elec%20Pt2%20%7C%204%252F30%252F25/Policy%20Proposals.md)