# 2 | 1/29/25

Directors in attendance:

* sawansri
* erdaifuu
* laksith
* storce
* jedakrisnell
* lic
* jaysa
* rjz
* ronitnath
* aly
* jingwenyang
* ncostello
* lukepeters
* oliverni
* lemurseven
* joiew
* adymchenko
* rsang

  \


Guests in attendance:

* toke
* marbles
* finwan
* rkriger
* knives
* tiffanieguichard


\
Meeting Minutes: rjz+lemurseven

# Agenda


## Voting

* Reinstate user's account? (v2ray guy)
  * result: yes!
* Space reservation request for 2/14/25 (Friday - Valentines day) evening from JFashion
  * ~~note: will probably have to close early….~~
    * Joint Karaoke social?
      * laksith: we should talk to them about enforcement of no-alcohol policy
      * oliver: feels like its a little bit trolling if we close the lab early and have a bunch of people come in
        * we should do this after 8 pm
      * ronitnath: we should clarify space use policy, clean up the lab, no alcohol, etc.
* ~~voting on holding a joint social with JFashion on 2/14 after 8 pm:~~
* granting OCF space to JFashion to host social on 2/14 with OCF staff presence/supervision
  * joe: maybe just give them the space? time kinda awkward
  * oliver: would like this to not be the first social that we advertise
    * our social should be more talking/interaction
    * first ocf social should be all of

    \
  * jingwenyang: make sure they are aware we reserve the right to kick them out 
* swe++
  * finalized (jaysa)
* [OCF backups and archiving](/doc/ocf-backups-and-archiving-7F6g8x4rOX) (tape)
  * passed
    * [ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)
    * passed $34 tape
    * passed $400 blanket approval for paper 

      \

## Notification

* Updates:
  * Internal
    * Friday social
    * Retreat
  * Opstaff
    * Lab is officially back open again. The schedule is going to be reworked
      * \
    * Had to close on Moday for a bit because of system errors
      * "dolphin isn't letting people print. like the button is greyed out"
        * papers\*
        * \
    * Extend hours Thursday (until 8pm) after this week?
      * Experimental track starts at 7pm, but I remember Laksith mentioned it was fine if we closed the lab later
      * laksith: I would not like that
        * if we have the option to keep it closed it would be best
        * would be a little annoying to have patrons
        * jeda: concern that will not have enough hours for opstaff to get paid
          * missing 2 shifts
          * 2 for decal, 2 for GM
        * jeda: prioritize giving opstaff hours
        * ronitnath: we would need to find another way to get these hours back in
        * jaysa: longer term solution might be not hiring this semester so each person gets longer hours?
          * jeda: concern with availability in this case
    * **Remember to clean up the lab after socials or hanging out here. OCF was not clean when we opened yesterday. (!!)**
      * ronitnath: what was out of place?
      * there were napkins, boxes etc etc
      * ronitnath: does anyone who was here before everyone left know what happened?
  * Marketing
  * Decal
  * Staff
    * Albert
      * OCF web document: <https://typst.app/project/wLX9yltmVFxqF3Mn1ua2Dg>
      * nvm, will 1:1 with people. gotta go to lec
      * but pls shill to newstaff. i would prefer a group
      * ok im dipping
    * ronitnath: talk to me about keycard
    * ronitnath: OSBO meeting

## Discussion

### Site

Joe: update package versions on vampires, outdated C library messing up npm setup

* rjz: vampires is on life support….
* votin

### Internal & External

* Interest in retreat?
* Should not do Valentine's Day weekend, but weekend after (2/21?)
* jaysa: don't forget waivers
* looking at Friday evening social
  * not necessarily every Friday
  * board games n stuff

ronitnath:

* project leads
  * talk to me! we can give u moneuy!

### Marketing

jingwenyang: my plushie pls ψ(｀∇´)ψ

rjz: I forgot

jingwen: (RAGE)


### Finance

* rosie projecting opstaff budget
* coordinating with keychron for custom keybvoards
* Breaking: ASUC CFO talking about STF
  * UCOP has to review proposed fees
  * had to get rid of a section about administration
  * would the OCF be interested in getting that funding
  * \~42k (which should cover most of the stipends)
  * ronitnath: is it going to replace current funding
    * will replace CACSSF
    * 49k CACSSF last year
    * we do not need to reapply every year
    * we would be a subsection of the fee
    * the fee will have built-in escalators (to cover min wage increases in our case)
    * jaysa will push to match
    * \

### Decal\n

* sawansri: Lab 0 is open, currently has 48 responses, will be closed on Saturday
  * Review of applications on Sunday, enrollment codes emailed out on Monday
  * \
