# 4 | 2/12/25

Directors in Attendance:

- [x] adi
- [ ] aly
- [x] danliu
- [x] erdaifuu
- [x] fengyihuang (cool)
- [x] jaysa
- [x] jedakrisnell
- [x] jingwenyang
- [x] joiew
- [x] laksith
- [x] lemurseven
- [x] lic
- [ ] lukepeters
- [ ] ncostello
- [x] oliverni
- [x] rjz
- [x] ronitnath
- [x] rsang
- [x] sawansri
- [x] storce
- [x] tabi
- [x] toke
- [x] adymchenko\*

Guests in Attendance:

* sbwilliams
* anita
* finwan
* knives
* tiffanieguichard
* marbles
* msonmez


Logistics:

Start time: 6:18PM

Note taker: jaysa

### Procedural Changes

Requesting the following people to sit in the middle:

* Managers
* Committee Heads

Discussion on items should be kept short, and GMs will be enforcing this. BoD discussions should be on a required-only basis. Notifications should be kept short and only update the board on what is relevant for the board to know. If you are unsure if you item meets this criteria, talk to the general managers.

To facilitate board finishing on time, perform discussions formally. Do not interrupt others. Do not exceed a reasonable amount of time while discussing your item. Prefer to explain your item within a minute or less. It may be helpful to pre-write the text of what you want to say, to organize your thoughts. Maintain decorum through asking to be recognized as a speaker.

When votes are taken or motions are made, recognize the outcome of the vote (e.g. 15 in favor, 2 opposed) and recognize the responders to a motion (person1, person2, and person3 agreed to x).

## Agenda


1. Delegating Greater Purchasing Power to FiComm
2. Operations Matters
3. Constitutional Amendments
4. Management Updates

   
   1. Retreat Information, and requesting funding $500
5. Committee Updates

   
   1. Keychron decision

## Items

### Voting

* [FiComm Purchasing Powers](./4%20%7C%202%252F12%252F25/FiComm%20Purchasing%20Powers.md): <$500, only requires ficomm approval
  * tabi: does this kill buysheet:
    * ronitnath: no. add items to buysheet, but ficomm can turn it approved
  * joie: once ficomm buys, can board disprove later?
    * yes, but only before purchase actually happens. nothing to be done retroactively if board disagrees.
  * rjz: purchasing limit? incompatible with bylaw 19
    * oliverni: important to take elected positions seriously. committees rn dont get to make real decisions
  * will vote on bylaw amendment next BoD
* [Bylaws Update: Remove Deputy SM](./4%20%7C%202%252F12%252F25/Bylaws:%20Remove%20DSM.md)
  * used to be 1 SM, then we started regularly doing 2 and the second one as "deputy", but now we just have 2.
  * will also vote next BoD

Nominations to Board:

* adymchenko. Passed 16-0.
* finwan. Passed 14-0.
* tiffanie no quorum

### Notification

#### Management

* University relations
  * SWE++ parents threw some heat at us…
  * storce: SWE++ parents were rude to MLK staff when looking for their kids.
    * jaysa: will email them and explain they may lose access to space if we receive any more complaints
* Industry relations: None?
* Staff Affairs:
  * @[Ronit Nath](mention://21a9a0ce-47d9-4d6e-9959-28a9feb5d9bf/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) General meetings will have an agenda and start with updates from members about what projects they have been working on
  * @[Ronit Nath](mention://90612608-bf4c-481b-84d5-8512f13c5cb6/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) Socials regularly 7-11pm Fridays (8pm?)
  * @[Ronit Nath](mention://c62ceb54-1f09-4747-944b-50f59b6a6f1a/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) Hackdays regularly all Saturday (3-8pm?)
    * ronitnath: going well so far!
  * @[Ronit Nath](mention://79eb9f97-d724-4d6b-b143-9afb92518375/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) Retreat information update
    * Pacifica: hiking, beaches, tide pools, slideshow night
    * **2/21-2/23**
    * Driving in anytime Friday, leaving early-enough Sunday
    * Saturday is dedicated to group events, where groups will be mixed up between events
    * Cost is $85, requesting volunteers for driving (\~40min drive)
      * just barely enough for airbnb!
    * Requesting $500 from MISC to help fund
      * ronitnath: worthwhile spending of misc. will increase staff bonding and ability to work together
        * otherwise, more out of pocket spending will be necessary for meals.
        * unused misc funds returned
        * gas, food, miscellaneous purchases that come up
      * jaysa: retreat frequency long-term?
        * ronitnath: if we do more industry outreach, we can do it often.
          * take it year by year
      * **Passed 11-2.** tabi, jedakrisnell, and jingwen abstained from the vote.
* Site management @[Oliver Ni](mention://c0de2056-38b4-4630-adfa-d74bbc7b92b8/user/13942bd3-07e8-483e-86ae-32ed75a53851) @[Laksith Venkatesh Prabu](mention://869fe865-5abf-4b2e-b908-d50905f7a0f9/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) 
  * jenkins is down - considering moving away from jenkins entirely 
    * currently only used by puppet and decal-web
* Operations staff matters @[Jeda Krisnell Dionisio](mention://3ebc807b-4d0b-40a0-b63e-56065af74c0d/user/3de702d3-cb3d-4c92-930c-0ad68ba7c179) 
* Important support tickets, or update on themes seen @[Joe Wang](mention://d06933c3-1eed-4f52-ab93-6d20c795abed/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718) 


#### Committees

OPSTAFF

* First pay period is complete: $3118.25 off CACCSF
* ronitnath: opening lab at 9AM
  * @[Ronit Nath](mention://305c4f4d-55a1-4425-b8f3-83f2bdbc1535/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) Reminder to ensure lab opens at 9:00 and not 9:10
  * @[Ronit Nath](mention://390fa2c6-0855-46f1-af43-a2cebbe0e3f6/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) Requesting preliminary Saturday schedule for the semester
    * jeda: we fill it out on a month-by-month basis, so unable to do it for the entire semester 
      * February has been week by week so far
  * @[Ronit Nath](mention://cb046eb2-3b91-432e-af41-7a26aafddf8b/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) Internal Recruitment for Front Desk Staffing
    * possibly interested staff for next semester (reserves):
      * jingwen
    * jaysa: will know opstaff wages for next year by end of march


  * jeda: currently we open by 9:05AM at the latest!
* Saturday schedule
  * ronitnath: currently decided week-by-week. long term schedule in place would be preferable.
    * jeda: isabelle was scheduled every saturday morning in the past, but it became a bit much.
      * currently decided first week of the month
    * ronitnath: needs further discussion


FINANCE @[Jaysa Garcia](mention://88146bb2-1f65-4bd5-a1f5-d0b81065fdf4/user/b28be420-7f9a-492b-9847-d8d85dbc94dc) @[Rosarin Sanglimsuwan](mention://192ee087-7d1f-4375-bb5c-8b79b255fc39/user/9d8cf118-0db6-46bc-b6d4-d3df3044ec26) 

* Keychron?
  * $8k 
    * 70 Keyboards
    * \~$114 ea
  * Released new version with numpad
* Purchases made with asuc credit card
* shelf purchase
  * shipping is $33… instead we drive to home depot and pick it up


INTERNAL @[Luke Peters](mention://aa33b5cb-561a-46a6-ab12-d08d7abd8b5a/user/8b46f1ab-93e9-4cfd-bc37-87f096167fe5) @[Joie Wu](mention://c70774ad-bd64-4409-952f-0333d12609f9/user/1002ea40-0605-48f2-b19a-a71d220d7127) 

* Interest for Friday social? Note: Valentine's Day + 3 day weekend: potential low numbers.
  * 7PM start time
  * ronitnath: snacks??
    * blanket allocation of $100 for joie to buy enough snacks for several socials?
      * vote: passes 13-0


MARKETING @[Jonathan Zhang](mention://5a1945c2-541e-4272-be0e-6e16ea42ce08/user/ff1b1d88-bb95-4b99-ae38-ff52f109d546) @[Jingwen Yang](mention://0cd69bbc-f5b7-41aa-8ec3-2af15fce434b/user/66771ede-14b7-4692-8b6e-ff5b0441d126) 

* rjz: trace/convert current keeb design to vector format


DECAL @[Sawan Srivastava](mention://9ebc2946-1e08-4936-b4da-cce699634bcd/user/959bf67a-9c60-4e3f-9182-e3df0444f533) @[Carl Luo](mention://6308c7da-d3cc-413c-aa9e-93e71519bdee/user/b0d29392-8703-483b-9120-407bd1b86089) 

* sawansri: Regular track attendance kinda abysmal (I was told 15 people showed up)
  * I will email blast students enrolled and make an announcement on Ed that attendance is mandatory and you will not get credit for lab if you don't show up for lecture
  * 30 enrolled in regular, 15 for experimental currently
  * last semester we had about 90, but we had 5 or less people come in-person each week
* laksith - Experimental DeCal:
  * Had full attendance :DDDD
  * distributed laptops!
  * we get 2 additional labs this time for experimental as didn't have down time waiting for laptops to arrive
  * Come hunt me down if you want to teach a lab/lecture for the Experimental Decal
  * storce: is this recorded?
    * laksith: no and we dont want to lol
* sawansri: adding decal curriculum… vim, tmux, etc. deciding where to place it.
  * laksith: were present in older versions of decal but have been removed.
  * storce: remove puppet lab, add core shell lab


## Final

End time: 7:07PM