# 6 | 2/26/25

Directors in Attendance:

- [x] adi\*
- [x] adymchenko (thanks!)
- [x] aly
- [ ] danliu
- [ ] erdaifuu
- [x] fengyihuang (ultra(lisk) cool)
- [x] finwan
- [ ] jaysa
- [x] jedakrisnell
- [x] jingwenyang\*
- [x] joiew
- [x] laksith
- [ ] lemurseven
- [x] lic
- [ ] lukepeters
- [ ] ncostello
- [ ] oliverni
- [x] rjz
- [x] ronitnath
- [x] rsang
- [x] sawansri
- [ ] storce
- [x] tabi
- [x] toke

\*=missed last bod 


Guests in Attendance:

* howalia
* mina
* sbwilliams
* leos
* billqmao
* marbles


Logistics:

Start time: 6:23

Note taker: recording


## Agenda


1. Constitution
2. Opstaff

## Items

### Voting

* Constitution rewrite: [Constitution Rewrite](/doc/constitution-rewrite-c67uasSKZz)


* nominating sophie to board
  * passes 14-1


### Notification

#### Management

* University relations
  * @[Joe Wang](mention://b5f5df92-0e76-43c2-8315-5bd9be43e70f/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718) communication with SUFMO about light
    * Also get officers cc'd
* Industry relations
  * Tech talk tn
  * tech talk tonight 8pm?
  * \
* Site management @[Oliver Ni](mention://c0de2056-38b4-4630-adfa-d74bbc7b92b8/user/13942bd3-07e8-483e-86ae-32ed75a53851) @[Laksith Venkatesh Prabu](mention://869fe865-5abf-4b2e-b908-d50905f7a0f9/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) 
  * @[Ronit Nath](mention://d623268b-c5ce-4303-9228-703317b87ac9/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) External DNS
    * tabled
  * rjz: hosts need to be updated or we get banned
    * @[Laksith Venkatesh Prabu](mention://4598c5d1-f6aa-4bbb-9d68-91b9e68ce500/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) 

      \
* Operations staff matters @[Jeda Krisnell Dionisio](mention://3ebc807b-4d0b-40a0-b63e-56065af74c0d/user/3de702d3-cb3d-4c92-930c-0ad68ba7c179) 
  * Pay period 2: \~$2501 off CACCSF
  * Computer problems (we'll take note of which computers are having issues)
    * Some computers aren't printing
    * People came up with emails about printing errors that did get printed
    * Opstaff computer (Tabitha) can be buggy sometimes (freezing, web browser being glitched)
  * Internal problem: people/patrons are coming behind the desk a lot more because of the tri-monitor setup
  * Next OM
    * Candidates:
      * Gianna
      * Knives
      * Eleonore - still waiting on confirmation but currently in study abroad
    * How to do selection?
      * Past method has been interviews by select committee

        (historically)
        * Just OM and GMs 
      * Desiring to do it now OCF election style
        * jeda: asked Opstaff about this
          * ![](uploads/3de702d3-cb3d-4c92-930c-0ad68ba7c179/ec8857f6-b57c-471b-a4e2-9f4ebde19ce5/Screenshot%202025-02-26%20at%2014.46.14.png " =587x357")I oppose this (OCF-style election) personally
        * oliverni: would prefer selection by committee to election, OM has actual responsibilities that need to be met & it's a paid position. happy to take part if wanted
        * laksith: people most affected by OM changes are opstaff instead of the wider BoD so opstaff voices should be prioritized
        * joiew: i think a mix would be good, support committee
        * ronitnath: I think BoD should have more to do with OM, BoD did not think about OM so much previously, OM is supposed to be a manager position but not treated as such
        * tabi: its definitely a managerial position
        * ronitnath: when people say \*M they don't think of OM
        * jeda: 
        * joiew: should be tabled
        * tabi: generally agrees with laksith
  * JD updates: [Operations Staff Position Update](/doc/operations-staff-position-update-iNt97AkXme)
  * rjz: toners?
    * tabi: 7
* Important support tickets @[Joe Wang](mention://d06933c3-1eed-4f52-ab93-6d20c795abed/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718) 
* Staff affairs
  * retreat
    * what happened?
    * \


#### Committees

FINANCE @[Jaysa Garcia](mention://88146bb2-1f65-4bd5-a1f5-d0b81065fdf4/user/b28be420-7f9a-492b-9847-d8d85dbc94dc) @[Rosarin Sanglimsuwan](mention://192ee087-7d1f-4375-bb5c-8b79b255fc39/user/9d8cf118-0db6-46bc-b6d4-d3df3044ec26) 

* Retreat reimbursements almost done, just Oliver
  * $60-$80 for home depot committee


INTERNAL @[Luke Peters](mention://aa33b5cb-561a-46a6-ab12-d08d7abd8b5a/user/8b46f1ab-93e9-4cfd-bc37-87f096167fe5) @[Joie Wu](mention://c70774ad-bd64-4409-952f-0333d12609f9/user/1002ea40-0605-48f2-b19a-a71d220d7127) 

* Boardgames this friday @7. 
* Hackday this Saturday at 3pm


MARKETING @[Jonathan Zhang](mention://5a1945c2-541e-4272-be0e-6e16ea42ce08/user/ff1b1d88-bb95-4b99-ae38-ff52f109d546) @[Jingwen Yang](mention://0cd69bbc-f5b7-41aa-8ec3-2af15fce434b/user/66771ede-14b7-4692-8b6e-ff5b0441d126) 

* Will send out t-shirt color / size vote soon :tm:
  * same design as current blue shirt
  * pocket?


DECAL @[Sawan Srivastava](mention://9ebc2946-1e08-4936-b4da-cce699634bcd/user/959bf67a-9c60-4e3f-9182-e3df0444f533) @[Carl Luo](mention://01602146-4db3-4a24-89f9-b34dcce25647/user/b0d29392-8703-483b-9120-407bd1b86089) 

* sawansri
  * Still in the process of migrating XCF â€”> OCF
    * Decal web and labs have been forked to ocf github
  * 15 people showed up to regular track decal lecture this week
    * Will try to track down those that have been missing lecture/not turned assignments in


## Final

End time: xx:xx