# 7 | 3/5/25

Directors in Attendance:

- [x] adi
- [x] adymchenko
- [x] aly
- [x] danliu\*
- [x] erdaifuu\*
- [x] fengyihuang (hyper ultra(lisk) cool)
- [x] finwan
- [x] jaysa\*
- [x] jedakrisnell
- [x] jingwenyang
- [x] joiew
- [x] laksith
- [x] lemurseven\*
- [x] lic
- [x] lukepeters\*
- [x] ncostello\*
- [x] oliverni\*
- [x] rjz
- [x] ronitnath
- [x] rsang
- [x] sawansri
- [x] sbwilliams
- [x] storce\*
- [x] tabi
- [x] toke

\*=missed last bod 


Guests in Attendance:

* mina
* marbles


Logistics:

Please set up google meet - meet or death


Start time: 6:12

Note taker: recording


## Agenda


1. Sing Bill happy birthday ٩(ˊᗜˋ\*)و
2. ABSA
3. Voting
4. Updates
5. Figure out what is going on with subdomain DMARC - RT

   
   1. might already be fixed

## Items

### Voting

* Buysheet
  * 5 [Dell Ultrasharp Monitors](https://www.dell.com/en-us/shop/dell-ultrasharp-27-4k-thunderbolt-hub-monitor-u2725qe/apd/210-bqhr/monitors-monitor-accessories) 
    * rjz would like to buy
  * OCF Milk (@[Joe Wang](mention://8abb1b6f-35d1-4f9c-874f-9fc5e165c049/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718) : What)
    * Was previously rejected by Ficomm
    * cereal and milk in a cup should be available in the ocf. the ocf.
    * buy milk for socials


### Notification

#### Management

* General Management
  * @[Ronit Nath](mention://67cc3baf-cf68-4410-91c2-ec30ece049ab/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) SUFMO staff telling OCF staff to leave OCF space before building closes, or citing OCF lab hours policy as indication of when volunteer staff should no longer be in the lab beyond
    * Requesting input on specific incidents
    * Will have a meeting with Lauren to figure out a long term (for the next few years) solution
      * storce: make clear connection to MLK staff so it doens't happen again 
      * storce: will email Filson
  * @[Ronit Nath](mention://d0e44323-be1f-4469-9393-236345a96a03/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) VPS service: moving apphosters to VMs. Thoughts?
    * rjz: we should have excess capacity on the blade nodes
    * rjz: we definitely have excess capacity on the decal hypervisor
    * ronitnath: vampire sucks. If transfer to V, architecture. provisioning individual VMs using existing architecture might be easier, just poses possible security risks
      * rjz: 1 TB of RAM update using existing infra is possible, decal & student account VMs should be separate
        * rjz: we do have the slots, would cost <$1200 for the addl ram
      * could also just take a snapshot of vampires' current state, update to Debian 12, and check for improvements 
      * rjz: Right now just upgrade vampires and tsunami
      * laksith: if we were to use vms, need to vet student orgs who get vms
        * sawan: make them take the decal??
        * joe: a lot more things to be hashed out, not a lot of people know how to use vms
        * sawan: give vms out on request basis?
      * joe: give out vms on request basis and upgrade vampires
  * Hidden Gem filming this Friday in lab, will notify op staff
    * Anyone would like to be featured?
      * 11 AM, Friday Filming — PR Opportunity!!
* Site management @[Oliver Ni](mention://c0de2056-38b4-4630-adfa-d74bbc7b92b8/user/13942bd3-07e8-483e-86ae-32ed75a53851) @[Laksith Venkatesh Prabu](mention://869fe865-5abf-4b2e-b908-d50905f7a0f9/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) 
  * F
    * HPC back (fr this time): should we impose quota for users? Ran into storage limit
      * Will also look into how zfs snapshotss are currently configured. If anyone wants to help out HPC lmk!!
        * nominally no snapshots. snapshot was taken for testing purposes on 2/10 for potential tape archiving
        * we might need more disk -rjz
          * has space for 2 more
      * Tony root back?
    * Keycloak has been down for quite a while
      * @[Michael Lisano](mention://60dc87b4-2f00-4421-b7a1-db3f76d49e2e/user/307f752a-c774-4a4d-a7fd-80658611d08f) and @[Laksith Venkatesh Prabu](mention://4a565320-c246-4ad0-b047-75625b4e302f/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) have been debugging - ideally will be back up soon
      * this is why you can login to docs :( 
        * :(

          \

#### Committees

FINANCE @[Jaysa Garcia](mention://88146bb2-1f65-4bd5-a1f5-d0b81065fdf4/user/b28be420-7f9a-492b-9847-d8d85dbc94dc) @[Rosarin Sanglimsuwan](mention://192ee087-7d1f-4375-bb5c-8b79b255fc39/user/9d8cf118-0db6-46bc-b6d4-d3df3044ec26) 

* ABSA
  * asking for 2k raise over last year
* CACSSF                                                            
  * asking for 3k raise, same headcount/hours + accounting for Berkeley's expected wage increase
* $3k to upgrade Earl Warren drives? - ABSA?
* Approved Purchases @[Rosarin Sanglimsuwan](mention://9072099b-95c9-4e38-9813-76fba9ebba72/user/9d8cf118-0db6-46bc-b6d4-d3df3044ec26) :
  * Home depot committee
  * Supplies for the lab
* Purchases made for last week coming by Friday at the latest
  * People who made purchase requests were contacted if their purchases were approved or rejected
* @[Ronit Nath](mention://cc6e6a88-07f5-4474-b1ee-b64f176b57f3/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) reviewing new purchasing process, and levels of appealing decisions


OPERATIONS @[Jeda Krisnell Dionisio](mention://4dae5ff9-d37a-4695-be9f-fb73ed3b7e23/user/3de702d3-cb3d-4c92-930c-0ad68ba7c179) 

* **URGENT**: We need someone to cover Saturday 2-6pm
  * I don't want Rosie to work all day :(
  * Updates: Knives might be able to take, but will know EOD
  * Ronit & Rjz can pick up
* Pay period 2 has been approved for most of Opstaff
  * Two are still in Stage 2 because they submitted late LMAO
* Troubleshooting: 
  * We've been having computer problems all around. Tabitha (Opstaff computer) was acting up yesterday, and some are having login issues
  * Okular is acting up (Joe should already know about this, I think)
    * Oliver will patch Papers and we go back to Papers
*  Opstaff hiring
  * OM interest: Eleonore (currently in Australia so interviewing might be weird), Gianna, and Knives
  * Planning to start Opstaff hiring after Spring Break (will make timeline with dates later) → Who wants to help?
    * rough timeline is: after spring break release apps (live for 2 weeks), application review (1-1.5 week), interviews (\~2 weeks depending on people's availability), delibrations (hopefully one night LMAO)
    * Looking at applications: Gianna, Knives, Jo, Rosie, Albert
    * Interviews (held at Cafe Milano \[primarily\] or Zoom \[if necessary\]): 
    * Both: Jeda, Tabi, Isabelle, Laksith, Jaysa


INTERNAL @[Luke Peters](mention://aa33b5cb-561a-46a6-ab12-d08d7abd8b5a/user/8b46f1ab-93e9-4cfd-bc37-87f096167fe5) @[Joie Wu](mention://c70774ad-bd64-4409-952f-0333d12609f9/user/1002ea40-0605-48f2-b19a-a71d220d7127) 

* Friday Social
* Saturday Hackday 
  * Ronit: Changing times for Hackday? 3-6pm
  * Ronit: 6 hr event look too long, shorten time to get more people to come work
* Tech Talk Schedule
* Social money clarification 
  * 100$ per social or 100$ per approval?  
    * ronit: Blanket allocation of 100$ per social (if needed), can try to approve items of higher amounts if needed
    * ronit: Items can be rolled over from social to hackday - free food :D


MARKETING @[Jonathan Zhang](mention://5a1945c2-541e-4272-be0e-6e16ea42ce08/user/ff1b1d88-bb95-4b99-ae38-ff52f109d546) @[Jingwen Yang](mention://0cd69bbc-f5b7-41aa-8ec3-2af15fce434b/user/66771ede-14b7-4692-8b6e-ff5b0441d126) 

* Waddles SVG 2.0 confirmed
* ![old ver](uploads/66771ede-14b7-4692-8b6e-ff5b0441d126/b081878d-fa2e-45b4-8a77-b6c90e5e51de/Copy%20of%20Asset%203%20(1).svg "right-50 =337x")

 ![jingwen's](uploads/66771ede-14b7-4692-8b6e-ff5b0441d126/5fe9d73a-2072-43ff-9fd4-546012df9173/WADDLE3.png "left-50 =299x394")

jingwen: opinion and suggestion is needed

* rjz: I think the old one might be better? 
  * adi: I also kind of like the old one better
  * jingwenyang:

    I am aware of different preferences too, I also can feel how the old one has the feeling of "legit and properly designed along with scuffiness ". I would say we don't have to pick one out of two, if it gets too controversial coexistence is ok.
  * jeda: people are so passionate about this, it's so endearing LMAO but thank you jingwen :')

     
    * <https://drive.google.com/file/d/16BQRk_It1ENRBuQp7QKv4rw__0fqZ8V2/view>

DECAL @[Sawan Srivastava](mention://9ebc2946-1e08-4936-b4da-cce699634bcd/user/959bf67a-9c60-4e3f-9182-e3df0444f533) @[Carl Luo](mention://2aad78ec-4e85-43fb-b5f0-241c332541da/user/b0d29392-8703-483b-9120-407bd1b86089) 

* 16 people showed up for regular track lecture
  * 1 more than last lecture!!!


## Final

End time: 7:07