# 8 | 3/12/25

Directors in Attendance:

- [x] adi
- [x] adymchenko
- [ ] aly
- [ ] danliu
- [x] erdaifuu
- [x] fengyihuang (super hyper ultra(lisk) cool)
- [x] finwan
- [x] jaysa
- [x] jedakrisnell
- [ ] jingwenyang
- [x] joiew
- [x] laksith
- [ ] lemurseven
- [x] lic
- [x] lukepeters
- [x] ncostello
- [ ] oliverni
- [ ] rjz
- [x] ronitnath
- [x] rsang
- [ ] sawansri
- [x] sbwilliams
- [x] storce
- [x] tabi
- [x] toke

\*=missed last bod 


Guests in Attendance:

* mina
* lydiaywang
* billqmao
* henryliev
* leos


Logistics:

Start time: 6:18

Note taker: storce


## Agenda


1. Review purchases :money_with_wings: 
2. Board nominations
3. OCF Milk :baby_bottle:

## Items

### Voting

* Buysheet
  * 3 fusers (papercut, pagefault, backup)
    * Two printers down, new color printer brought on rotation
    * Likely end of life
    * Switching to new printers?
    * @[Rosarin Sanglimsuwan](mention://9de14972-a9ab-42b7-a2cf-a4ece0f05164/user/9d8cf118-0db6-46bc-b6d4-d3df3044ec26) maintenance log for printers?

Nominating Mina to the board @[Mina Sonmez](mention://0c9f205c-5b65-4ce5-8214-8180353c96a3/user/d1a82677-9eb4-4360-9b7d-cd84cdb9edf2) :star:

* quorum: 13
  * For: 16
  * Approved! 
* Board nomination should be more strict. Today was a good model.

### Notification

#### Management

* General Affairs @[Ronit Nath](mention://27c5689d-0b81-4146-b848-788ae12caecf/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) @[Joe Wang](mention://38368fdb-f2e6-41d4-9dee-0f215ea24b67/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718) 
  * OCF Milk :cow2: :baby_bottle:
    * from Bill chief milkmaid: (can buy a lot of milk)

      
      1. I don't expect to be reimbursed, up to y'all
      2. If i'm not reimbursed and you drink the milk too fast (1 carton of 18 drinks per week)

         
         1. I will substitute with lower quality shelf stable Almond milk
         2. Or I will buy less milk and you'll have to ration
         3. Or buy a milk fridge so I can buy you cheaper refrigerated milk
    * Proposal:
      * Restrict milk consumption to Wednesday after 6pm, Friday after 6pm, and Saturday during hack day. Damn.
        * joiew: ಠಿ_ಠ
        * We should only spend the money for socials! Should not be direct staff benefit
        * Trust each other to respect MILK QUOTA™️
          * milk refund -c 4 -r "we like milk" -u lic
  * Upgrading our fridge space
    * Generally, up to 3 operations staff can keep lunch in the fridge, but even this is tight. Further, our cooling unit provides very asymmetric cooling to items in the fridge. There really isn't enough space in there right now.
      * More capacity and adequate size
    * Reminder: stewardship of the storage room is important, and misuse of it can lead to your keycard access being revoked.
  * Operations Manager election
    * We want to do this via election
    * @[Ronit Nath](mention://e94ab41a-e9d3-4119-bf22-ed4ff2a998a2/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) Should not have a division between Op Staff and Staff
    * OM has been selected only through OM + co-GMs
    * @[Tabitha Chan](mention://168f7493-64a7-4003-9f01-aabced0403ea/user/f47873f8-55e8-425b-8f27-ca786e0708ad) Could be unfair since some candidates are not well-known among volunteer staff
    * @[Ronit Nath](mention://74425e30-66db-4067-80b4-587fd204f707/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) Popular recognition of candidates should be a factor to be considered
    * @[Jeda Krisnell Dionisio](mention://4c2930f9-0c60-4525-a05e-1d8a807638eb/user/3de702d3-cb3d-4c92-930c-0ad68ba7c179) @[Tabitha Chan](mention://0b6ff4cb-ea9d-4799-9b71-e4f81d201c68/user/f47873f8-55e8-425b-8f27-ca786e0708ad) Board is not generally involved in op staff affairs 
    * @[Ronit Nath](mention://38cfb9b8-0005-479b-b15c-665b9b399a52/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) Some vol-staff senses a barrier when it comes to participating in op staff affairs. Election would be the first step towards that.
    * @[Tabitha Chan](mention://ddd66fb2-1a4e-41e5-adce-e6739aa5c93b/user/f47873f8-55e8-425b-8f27-ca786e0708ad) This is going to increase the divide between op staff and vol staff: make this happen next semester, a smoother transition period
    * @[laksith](mention://db6ff31a-9ff3-4d87-983a-f97b2cc2a4db/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) "OCF elections are not democratic right now", more decisions should go through BoD! op staff not on BoD should also have a vote for OM.
    * @[Ronit Nath](mention://bbf47386-d926-4b03-a6cb-104168238447/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) If candidate not physically present, candidate can issue a statement and have it be read during election
    * @[Tabitha Chan](mention://4b2f0ba6-e346-48f1-a736-ab623b079b6f/user/f47873f8-55e8-425b-8f27-ca786e0708ad) op staff have a better understanding of op staff affairs
    * @[laksith](mention://fd59912d-7db7-47d9-8a79-8b2c04c67083/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) People will automatically listen to experienced op staff when it comes to voting for new OM. So this will lead to a fair election. The result should not really be different compared to previous model, but this gets people involved.
    * @[Ronit Nath](mention://7153f575-7045-4682-8297-7a61c6bd5265/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) Selection for Om will be a special election in middle of Spring semester for a position that lasts for a full academic year. All current op staff will be ex officio members of BoD, allowing them to vote without affecting quorum.
    * FINAL CONSENSUS:
      * OP staff added as temporary ex officio members during OM election. OM will be elected by the temporary BoD.
  * @[Ronit Nath](mention://941ab1c4-2304-4dd6-8988-1016af08c412/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) Constitution rewrite: secretary role, privileges, formalizing existing procedures, etc. Talk to \*Ms to participate in the rewrite process.
* Site Affairs @[Oliver Ni](mention://c0de2056-38b4-4630-adfa-d74bbc7b92b8/user/13942bd3-07e8-483e-86ae-32ed75a53851) @[Laksith Venkatesh Prabu](mention://869fe865-5abf-4b2e-b908-d50905f7a0f9/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) 
  * OCF Apphosting
    * apphosters with skilled technical contact person can be invited to test the new system (VM hosting)
  * Contacting vhosters to ensure contact address is current
    * finding vhsoters with skilled technical contact person
  * <https://docs.ocf.berkeley.edu/collection/troubleshooting-journal-M8mWSwGia6>
  * @[laksith](mention://0068dc6a-6dba-4fe9-a730-c48080636e2b/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) Maintenance logs for the OCF: desktops, web hosting, etc. in #Troubleshooting Journal
  * @[Ronit Nath](mention://44dfcd1c-c71d-4e8f-8713-3b4c96b5d12d/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) Now we have an incidence report form. You can document technical problems, accidents, and other incidence in the lab.
    * Filson said we can stay in lab until 11pm
    * Print out the email? LMAO
    * In op staff channel
* Important support tickets @[Joe Wang](mention://d06933c3-1eed-4f52-ab93-6d20c795abed/user/1a1d0b3d-5bce-4118-8989-97ba13a51718) 


#### Committees

OPERATIONS @[Jeda Krisnell Dionisio](mention://5bf5865c-e44c-46ff-847a-ada0678c1a20/user/3de702d3-cb3d-4c92-930c-0ad68ba7c179) 

* Pay period 3 is complete: $2803 off CACASSF
* RIP pagefault and papercut :')
  * give logjam a raise
* It wouldn't hurt to get more toners
* Make [incident report form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdR2cLV27uY4AZmNbZS8U6yS66jWk6rGA7TPUJHAGAILLWV7w/viewform) into ocf.io/… for easy access
  * Gave link to Opstaff over Slack and meeting notes
* Project update: making an updated hours sign :)
  * If there are any other small projects y'all want Opstaff to do, let me know
* Opstaff hiring timeline (tentative)
  * Applications: **3/31 - 4/13**
  * Review: 4/14 - 4/27
    * Already send out rejections
  * Interviews: 4/28 - 5/9
    * OCF is real option for interview locations
  * Deliberations: 5/10 - 5/11 (depending on how long we take)
  * Decisions (emailing rejections and acceptances): 5/12
  * OM interested: Eleonore, Gianna, Knives (see above)
    * Application review: Gianna, Knives, Jo, Rosie, Albert
    * Interviews (Cafe Milano/Zoom):
    * Both: Jeda, Tabi, Isabelle, Laksith, Jaysa
  * If you are interested in participating, let @[Jeda Krisnell Dionisio](mention://8273b689-e50b-4aa4-bf44-1a70f9f1e1e4/user/3de702d3-cb3d-4c92-930c-0ad68ba7c179) know!!
  * @[Ronit Nath](mention://16ede23a-4fdc-4d66-b57a-43e02ba38dd1/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) Jingwen is interested in op staff. Would love to hire from internal, but don't want to introduce too much bias.
  * @[Jeda Krisnell Dionisio](mention://3e52acd6-eb68-45bb-a16d-35df6f528a53/user/3de702d3-cb3d-4c92-930c-0ad68ba7c179) would want him applying regularly and if he goes forward application then cool, but no nepotism \[besides during the semester\]
    * ditto
  * We shall talk about this next BoD


FINANCE @[Jaysa Garcia](mention://88146bb2-1f65-4bd5-a1f5-d0b81065fdf4/user/b28be420-7f9a-492b-9847-d8d85dbc94dc) @[Rosarin Sanglimsuwan](mention://192ee087-7d1f-4375-bb5c-8b79b255fc39/user/9d8cf118-0db6-46bc-b6d4-d3df3044ec26) 

* @[Jaysa Garcia](mention://4f996120-216a-4bab-87ca-ac736ea5fa06/user/b28be420-7f9a-492b-9847-d8d85dbc94dc) Rjz has opinions.
* @[Rosarin Sanglimsuwan](mention://ed9f84f4-de63-4592-ab3b-2fbb7252c7e3/user/9d8cf118-0db6-46bc-b6d4-d3df3044ec26) Will take care of this: text jingwen and rjz
* Monday 7pm ASUC financial committee meeting
  * @[Rosarin Sanglimsuwan](mention://a0040fd3-364d-439a-826e-f653c572175d/user/9d8cf118-0db6-46bc-b6d4-d3df3044ec26) @[Jaysa Garcia](mention://210e3cc9-d85d-44c9-b7f6-180ef1a2c533/user/b28be420-7f9a-492b-9847-d8d85dbc94dc) Will pull up. Ronit too, and Joe should.
* CACSSF: submitted by anna


INTERNAL @[Luke Peters](mention://aa33b5cb-561a-46a6-ab12-d08d7abd8b5a/user/8b46f1ab-93e9-4cfd-bc37-87f096167fe5) @[Joie Wu](mention://c70774ad-bd64-4409-952f-0333d12609f9/user/1002ea40-0605-48f2-b19a-a71d220d7127) 

* Typical Boardgame social Friday @7 + Hackday Saturday @ 3
  * Lookout for possible karaoke social next week •̀ᴗ•́
* Sent out tech talk form: waiting on responses 
  * introduced potential bigger audiences 
  * currently interested: bencuan, shasan :goat:
    * will send out invites soon. Looks like Wednesday evenings after GM (8pm)
  * cockroachdb: basically run by OCF™️ alumni


MARKETING @[Jonathan Zhang](mention://5a1945c2-541e-4272-be0e-6e16ea42ce08/user/ff1b1d88-bb95-4b99-ae38-ff52f109d546) @[Jingwen Yang](mention://0cd69bbc-f5b7-41aa-8ec3-2af15fce434b/user/66771ede-14b7-4692-8b6e-ff5b0441d126) 

* rjz will send updated design with old logo soon


DECAL @[Sawan Srivastava](mention://9ebc2946-1e08-4936-b4da-cce699634bcd/user/959bf67a-9c60-4e3f-9182-e3df0444f533) @[Carl Luo](mention://4ea0a5cd-e78e-4447-a61d-49f3797c4e4e/user/b0d29392-8703-483b-9120-407bd1b86089) 

* 22 people attended this week :fire:
  * Correction: Nvm only 16 people did, some people wrote both their name and their user accounts
* Working on a neater attendance sheet
  * Carl: 6 people straight up GHOSTING decal
* New Intro to Linux based on experimental DeCal - @[laksith](mention://5c6693a2-4ce4-4875-a871-6e86a4541047/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) 
  * [OCF's Intro to Linux](/doc/ocfs-intro-to-linux-RLO2eOwnMe)
    * Laksith's Handbook
    * Will require signature
  * will take a long time to complete, feel free to add things if ur interested 
  * pls don't judge it's in a super draft statef


## Final

End time: 7:19pm