# 9 | 3/19/25

Directors in Attendance:

- [x] adi
- [ ] adymchenko
- [x] aly
- [x] danliu
- [x] erdaifuu
- [x] fengyihuang (ultimate super hyper ultra(lisk) cool)
- [x] finwan
- [x] jaysa
- [x] jedakrisnell
- [ ] jingwenyang
- [x] joiew
- [x] laksith
- [ ] lemurseven
- [x] lic
- [x] lukepeters
- [x] ncostello
- [ ] oliverni
- [x] rjz
- [x] ronitnath
- [x] rsang
- [x] sawansri
- [ ] sbwilliams
- [x] storce
- [x] tabi
- [x] toke
- [x] msonmez

\*=missed last bod


Guests in Attendance:

* x
* leos
* knives


Logistics:

Start time: 6:12 PM

Note taker: lukepeters, jaysa


## Agenda


1. Purchases: xx
2. Discussion of xx

## Items

### Voting


### Notification

#### Management

* Site Affairs
  * @[Ronit Nath](mention://a476394f-61d8-41e3-9d2c-03fbb023f0cc/user/573d3ae0-0a07-49c3-8057-835a3a496e76) discussion of our policies for expanded resource provisionment for student organizations
    * there is a 7.68TB SSD inside implosion that is currently unused
    * do we want to run it on implosion?
    * resource quotas for studenrorgs, especially media orgs with large storage requirements?
    * rjz: can't do disk drive "colocation"/bring your own hard drive - don't have enough drive bays
    * laksith: so, in the past we've given like VMs for org like berkeleytime but that's just a VM and if people forgot it it's not a big deal. But for custom dedicated hardware this will be a bigger problem. (We did kinda forget about berkeleytime for a while…)

      rjz: for many reasons, hosting media assets in ocf is not the best idea…
      * in 2023, upgraded SSDs in dataloss. 7.68TB SSD unused in implosion, can get another of same size. that would be enough space. would we want to run it on implosion?
        * laksith: the only reason we're talking about implosion is bc we scaled down the decal.
          * rjz: no wtf… but anyway. should consider running decal VMs inside a VM
          * laksith: ok
  * All three printers are now back in rotation
    * We have spare parts from the recent fuser deliver.
  * @[laksith](mention://392e9682-8ff5-4502-8678-fd190f489ff4/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03) [Desktoprc](/doc/desktop-configuration-V2ivrlvXca) is real!!
    * New Docs: [Desktop Configuration](/doc/desktop-configuration-V2ivrlvXca)
    * Old Docs (still helpful!) : <https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/docs/staff/tips/desktoprc/>
  * @[laksith](mention://8d3a2dbb-da0f-4762-ad71-389e2d730188/user/249c7837-8583-4058-9ec0-846430a6bb03)  dev-vampires is up with debian 12, basically everything is broken on there rn, will fix and migrate over when possible.
    * Be extremely careful with the NFS
    * discuss more with @[Jonathan Zhang](mention://0428614b-758d-4570-9184-8b1c999ee174/user/ff1b1d88-bb95-4b99-ae38-ff52f109d546)
      * what if vampires on nix?!?!?!? :)
        * hmm
  * Working on tape drive today! @[Jonathan Zhang](mention://1659180c-1d80-44d3-908e-c43af51b4605/user/ff1b1d88-bb95-4b99-ae38-ff52f109d546)
* General Affairs
  * Project updates today
* ronitnath: old OCF used to encourage more technical engagement (SSHing, hand-built websites, etc)… but also we want ppl to use our stuff!!!
  * there are still a few users who do really cool stuff geocities/neocities style on OCF infra
  * but we should meet the evolving needs of users/orgs e.g. user friendly website building


#### Committees

OPERATIONS @[Jeda Krisnell Dionisio](mention://7248f13f-a8e5-4b47-8197-30d8bd976e35/user/3de702d3-cb3d-4c92-930c-0ad68ba7c179)

* New paper refund is cool :) thanks y'all @[Chenghao Li](mention://d9021a92-ac39-43ad-890a-e96e0a652a1b/user/6da9d185-1f19-41b1-a7de-55efd67c50a1) !!!
* More than one printer is running again!
* Also tabitha (front desk computer) is wacky → replace?
  * Ronit already knows
* SPRING BREAK HOURS
  * This Saturday (3/22) from 12-6 (email SWE++ to see if they have a class this weekend)
    * emailed
  * Closed 3/23-3/30
  * Re-open 3/31 at 9am (regular time)
* From last BoD that we didn't discuss: "Jingwen is interested in op staff. Would love to hire from internal, but don't want to introduce too much bias."
  * will be grouped in with everyone
* Hiring Timeline & Info
  * Applications: **3/31 - 4/13**
  * Review: 4/14 - 4/27
    * Already send out rejections
  * Interviews: 4/28 - 5/9 (5/5-5/9 is RRR week)
    * From last time: OCF is real option for interview locations
      * jedakrisnell: no interviews in the OCF
  * Deliberations: 5/10 - 5/11 (depending on how long we take)
  * Decisions (emailing rejections and acceptances): 5/12
  * Application review: Gianna, Knives, Jo, Rosie, Albert, Leo
  * Interviews (Cafe Milano/Zoom):
  * Both: Jeda, Tabi, Isabelle, Laksith, Jaysa, rjz
* volstaff are encouraged to apply! will remove "good for volunteer staff" box, now just Yes or No when rating applications.
* [Job Description](/doc/job-description-8GBJ00oxZm)

  \

FINANCE @[Jaysa Garcia](mention://88146bb2-1f65-4bd5-a1f5-d0b81065fdf4/user/b28be420-7f9a-492b-9847-d8d85dbc94dc) @[Rosarin Sanglimsuwan](mention://192ee087-7d1f-4375-bb5c-8b79b255fc39/user/9d8cf118-0db6-46bc-b6d4-d3df3044ec26)

* Keychron order status
* Initial ABSA allocations released
  * we got 25k
  * ASUC cut budget for chartered programs… but they cut us extra hard
  * will run thru some numbers w/ rosie tmrw and then potentially appeal next monday
  * msg jaysa/rosie if you want more info / have ideas. rosie and i will also be in the lab friday working on this
* CACSSF starts meeting tmrw


INTERNAL @[Luke Peters](mention://aa33b5cb-561a-46a6-ab12-d08d7abd8b5a/user/8b46f1ab-93e9-4cfd-bc37-87f096167fe5) @[Joie Wu](mention://c70774ad-bd64-4409-952f-0333d12609f9/user/1002ea40-0605-48f2-b19a-a71d220d7127)

* Cal Day volunteers - April 19
  * Lab decorations
* Tech talks: \~4 to be scheduled in the weeks after break
  * Wed/Fri preferences?
    * Will try out Friday, but air on offering wednesday slots
    * Most people don't want to do a wider talk
  * Most people indicated maybe for larger scale
    * diff group of people


MARKETING @[Jonathan Zhang](mention://5a1945c2-541e-4272-be0e-6e16ea42ce08/user/ff1b1d88-bb95-4b99-ae38-ff52f109d546) @[Jingwen Yang](mention://0cd69bbc-f5b7-41aa-8ec3-2af15fce434b/user/66771ede-14b7-4692-8b6e-ff5b0441d126)

* Lab decorations
* Stickers order
* Waddles alternate variations


DECAL @[Sawan Srivastava](mention://9ebc2946-1e08-4936-b4da-cce699634bcd/user/959bf67a-9c60-4e3f-9182-e3df0444f533) @[Carl Luo](mention://4ea0a5cd-e78e-4447-a61d-49f3797c4e4e/user/b0d29392-8703-483b-9120-407bd1b86089)

* sawansri
  * 17 ppl showed up to lecture, midterm season is rough (people asking for excused absences)
* erdaifuu
  * WIP decal attendance sheet
  * Looks a lot better than I'd thought, only 6 out of \~27 people aren't actively participating


## Final

End time: 7:08