OCF BoD Meeting: October 6, 2005
Meeting opens at 7:10
minutes by griffin@ocf

BoD Members: (15)
brando
dima
*ekashida
elliot
frank
geo
griffin
*guyboo
hmogir
jerjou
jkit
joshk
kiesenl
novakyu
yury

Present BoD Memebers: (11)
dima
elliot
frank
geo
griffin
hmogri
jerjou
jkit
joshk
kiesenl
novakyu

Other people:
adrian

General Manager:
    frank: "i'm a great general manager"

Announcements:

Disk Array:
    -dima says the progress is going good, and it'll be done soon
    -elliot asks for more info
    -dima says it'll be about week at most, so i probably won't be done by tomorrow when there is scheduled downtime
    -the disk array allocation isn't done yet, akop is still deciding on it
    -geo doesn't think it'll happen cause of "issues"
    
Windows Image:
    -progressing nicely
    -secuirty standards need to be looked up, auto-logout...
    -team is waiting till a somewhat useable LDAP before we have a working image
    
BIG IDEAS:
    -guyboo is gone for the next few weeks
    -jkit is gonna meet with the people, so if you wanna go, email jkit
    
Security:
    -hmogri is gonna start working on it on tuesday
    -QOS(Quality of Service i.e. the amount of bandwidth a user can use) is first thing to look at, it could require significant infrastructure change
    -Firewalling ports that shouldn't be open
    -Patching and upgrading essential software
    
LDAP:
    -SASL broke
    -LDAP no longer breaks the syslog
    
Advertising:
    -nothing new

Frank makes a motion for $400 to buy Microsoft Office Licenses, jerjou seconds
7 - 2(griffin, dima): motion carries

Project Management System
    -elliot is wondering if we should setup a project management system to well...manage projects
    
New BoD Members
    -adrian
    
Meeting is Closed