OCF BoD Meeting: November 3, 2005
Meeting opens at 7:24
minutes by griffin@ocf

BoD Members: (13)
brando
dima
elliot
frank
geo
griffin
*hmogir
*jerjou
jkit
joshk
novakyu
*sle
yury

Present BoD Memebers: (9)
dima
elliot
frank
geo
griffin
jkit
joshk
novakyu
yury

Quorum met!

Announcements:
	dima: we are going to get a Sun V40z, you wanna know what its got? then look it up! We got some connections to a Sun VP.
	joshk: he couldn't get an extra discount on the printer

Agenda:

Project Updates:

	LDAP:
		-yury says we're ready to move over, we need to install samba drive mounts, need to rewrite some tools (fist, approve...), need to get the Suns working on them, the big problem though is that we may need to recompile and reconfigure services
		-at some point we're going to move to OpenAFS if there are no bitter concerns
		
	Windows:
		-almost done, need to make sure LDAP is working with the image
	
	Security:
		-hmogri is out
		
	Eschlemann/Website:
		-3 of the 4 computers don't boot, maybe a power supply problem, but we can't find the key to get into them
		-we have 4 wireless cards in the server room
		
Discussion:

	Quota:
		-the old array had 350 GB, now we have about 3 times as much space, current usage on the new disk array is 25% in use
		-currently the quota is about 300 MB
		-novakyu suggests we increase quota to 400 MB and an extension to 700 if they ask for it
		-dima suggests 500 MB but makes note that our backup time will increase
		-yury suggests we create a scratch space on the windows machines, something we can look at in the future
		-frank notes that any quota increases usually have to go through a disk usage management board
		-novakyu will come up with a projection for next week so we can decide on quota usage
	
	Linux Speakers:
		-yury suggests we buy speakers for the gnu/linux boxes
		-we are going to worry about it when gnu/linux boxes are up
	
New BoD:
	toby
	eugene

Meeting Closes