OCF BoD Meeting: September 22, 2005
Meeting opens at 7:20
minutes by griffin@ocf

BoD Members: (15)
astaley
brando
dima
ekashida
elliot
frank
geo
griffin
guyboo
hmogri
jerjou
jkit
novakyu
ogle
yury

Present BoD Members: (10)
novakyu
geo
yury
griffin
guyboo
jkit
frank
elliot
ekashida
dima

non-BoD:
joshk
kaisenl

We got quorum!

Multicultural Center Problem:
    -Frank talked to Javie about getting partitions in the center so the OCF can stay open during events.
    -But there is some fire code stuff we can't get around
    -Suggestions: building a new entrance(frank says "difficult"), fire exit to ocf wall construction (yury) but we can't really block a fire door, fake "security" cameras (frank), mace, spray paint, bad smelling equipment...
    -dima pushes frank to go talk to chancellor
    -jkit wants to invent a new genre, "drive-thru printing"
    -card keys/security camera/annoying door noise
    -pay a person for 40 hours a week/$10 an hour
    -guyboo is gonna look into card key technology/legality/ect...
    -dima will look into the technology side, frank will look into legality
    
LDAP
    -in progress
    -jerjou, yury, elliot, and sluo "working" on it
    
Publicity
    -frank: do we wanna try advertisement? jkit: yes
    -flyering in res halls labs and libraries
    -"the more you h0ze the more you learn"
    -guyboo volunteered to talk to colin downey cdowney@eecs about eecs and cs mailing list
    
Windows Remix
    -after LDAP
    -elliot suggests we do it as we are setting up LDAP
    -currently 60% operational capacity of windows machines right now
        
Clean Server room
    -after LDAP
    
Other big projects    
    -security audits
    -BIG IDEAS about social networking project development
    
*Frank states "yury shouldn't talk", Everyone claps

Printer
    -"still broken, but what can you do?"
    -we'll wait and see how that develops

Project Groups:

    Big Ideas: jkit, kaisenl, ekashida, guyboo
    LDAP: elliot, yury, novakyu, jerjou, sluo
    Windows Remix: joshk, frank, griffin
    Disk array: geo, dima

New BoD people:
    joshk - unanimous

Meeting closed at 8:15