# September 13

Directors in attendance:

* etw
* jaysa
* dapark
* ethanhu
* yehchanyoo
* adi
* bplate
* bryli
* trinityc
* oliverni
* kian
* jedakrisnell
* ncograin
* btorres
* rjz
* andytsai
* anirudhsuresh
* adymchenko
* ericyang
* jyxzhang
* kimcpape
* njha
* ronitnath

Guests in attendance:

* eamez
* patricklee
* drain


Meeting Minutes:

* yehchanyoo


Next Meeting:

* \

# Agenda

**Note:** Please set your committee and project meeting times by next week!!

* Some of the meeting times written out in the Administrative Affairs section

## RT Tickets

use ocf.io/rt/\[0-9\]\* to easily access specific ticket numbers!

* eww regex

### __Root required:__

* Rolled over, check last two weeks' BoD notes (only two remaining that are challenging; a record low!)
  * One old hpc ticket still remains
* RT#13318 website restore
* RT#13316 email

### __Open to all:__

* Rolled over, check last two weeks' BoD notes

## Kubernetes Migration

* njha: I think we're at the point in the K8S migration where everyone can help? Maybe someone can talk about some stuff that needs to be done during GM.
  * need help from other staff
  * now have actual starter tests now!
  * for real this time
* dapark: maybe turn this into a project committee?
  * njha: no. can fix issues with quick searches. can teach beginners, but don't feel like turning this into a project. plus, we have oliverni
  * oliverni: there was one person who was *super* **duper** excited about Kubernetes

## Storage Room Cleanup

* njha: I see jaysa cleaning the storage room quite frequently (thank you jaysa), but we should really all help! We need logistics for…
  * Throwing away old monitor stands (that we don't even have the monitors for)
  * E-waste disposal (we have a bunch of containers of e-waste that needs to go… somewhere)
    * Printer toner
      * Staples can recycle the printers
    * Printer fusers
    * No monitor trading :(
    * See if we can pay Berkeley to take e-waste away?
      * Residence halls? Cory?
      * I asked for containers in August, EHS said they'd send some here but they didn't
      * I'll follow up - rjz
  * Cleaning the server room and *keeping* it clean (there's so much random stuff!)
    * rjz should propose a way to do this because he's in there most frequently, thank you rjz
      * This Sun - rjz
        * rjz will clean it this Sunday; please come and help out!

## Documentation

* njha: I see jaysa has been copying over a lot of docs to outline, but we currently have nobody working on making outline docs public.
  * (ask etw about our original plan to do docs)
  * but i think our original plan may have been too complicated, someone should figure out if we can simplify it or get one of the new staff to write an exporter for outline, it's a good starter project and a nice little bit of code -- any language is OK
* etw: kian — is new OCF web happening?
  * Kian: i don't want to do it
  * bplate: will gain volunteer staff for web!
* etw: just have been talking about design; did not look at the documentation in detail
* oliverni: we can just try to use the public outline share link; ocf static has been in progress forever, so we can try to get this out of the way soon
* etw: the point is that we can press a button and change the documentation right away instead of having to do the rigorous work of requesting Github PR
* etw: we can use outline directly (link to outline from site/shorturls/etc)
  * outline stable urls are just uuids - no hierarchy in urls any more
  * but custom urls are a thing - requires manual work
  * <https://docs.ocf.berkeley.edu/s/17ed2158-3772-4e33-9b1e-7d1b51b49ed2>
  * currently outline does not have anon access enabled
    * njha: we do not want anon access
* oliverni: we should get the website out along with the new docs
  * njha: no
  * dapark: the plan for bplate is to make a web committee to work on this
  * bplate: we need a new plan for web, as work is piling up for web rtn
    * will see how many people join web
    * want new site to match the functionality of the old website
    * can consider direct interaction with app hosting
    * njha: anything dynamic can be forked to the old OCF

## Subdomain Migration

* kian: emailed new domains to dns@berkeley.edu, waiting on response from them
  * we're implementing new dns records for groups now, everyone will have a cname to hosting.ocf.berkeley.edu
    * need to email kellsie and angela about it (no response from them yet)
    * depending on their bandwidth may need to do migration of existing sites at a later date but for now will add a/aaaa to death for all sites including existing apphost sites if possible
  * thanks to oliverni for his help on categorizing the sites
  * need to test mail forwarding for migrated domains
  * need to develop a site migration timeline for patrick and co. by next week
  * when a group emails about wanting a domain make sure that when you run `check` or `signat` on the group that it says "Active Group"
    * groups must now be in good standing to request domains
* dapark: thanks to kian and oliverni for all their work in migrating hundreds of websites!!
* dapark: maybe ask ASUC for stipend to compensate kian and oliverni for their work?
  * will be brought up in the next ASUC meeting

## Opstaff Updates

* Happy Programmer's Day
* First Stipend PR Soon
  * Friday's meeting about filling out the purchase request
    * Please make sure all Opstaff are on the CalLink, so they can get paid!
  * (Ficomm/Finance Agents) Be prepared to Stage 2 when this happens
  * Taking from CACSSF
    * \~2941.50
    * Note: First paycheck usually larger than the rest, as OpStaff head usually does some work in the summer and gets paid for doing so
* Double shifts
  * Thank you Ficomm
    * \~20hrs for the academic year
    * will split those 20 hours between two semesters
  * Rundown: **Double shifts are only available based on OM's call.** If I know that it's going to be a busy day (i.e. career fairs), then I'll message in Slack that the OA scheduled can "call for reinforcements." **Double shifts are not going to be scheduled**. It's an honor system of how much time they put on the Hours Log.
* SWE++
  * They're starting this weekend, 10am-12pm
    * Website says we open @10am for Sat — **please update the hours on ocf.io to reflect the SWE++ event**
  * Any staff available to also be there when they use the lab in case of any troubleshooting?
    * Not necessarily for two hours, but for at least 30 minutes
    * ethanhu, adi, jaysa volunteered — but no problem if you cannot make it!
* andytsai: any way to hardcode a ban on printing A5 paper (often used in international document)? this destroys the printer and requires clearing the queues to fix (happens at least twice a week)
  * etw: just cancel the print job
  * andytsai: note that OCF bans printing of file named "\*Google Docs.pdf" (Glob)
  * oliverni: no one knows how the printing code really works
  * code: <https://github.com/ocf/puppet/blob/63563e8bb9965d3a2cc0e61575bd50b7805a15bb/modules/ocf_printhost/files/enforcer#L126>

## Administrative Affairs

* dapark: Can we try to meet beginning from next week (to allow for new staff to meet up)? And start getting people into committees!
  * dapark: **Decide weekly meeting time by Sunday night!**
* Meeting times for each committee/project:
  * Internal: Thursdays at 7-8 PM (confirmed!)
  * External: <https://www.when2meet.com/?21350988-ywh6W> <- Need to share
    * will go with the semi-staff hour, semi-committee meeting ideas
    * may just 
  * Finance: Still deciding; likely after Internal?
  * Decal:
    * trinityc: no regular meeting time due to different people leading the DeCal every week; not having regular meeting is working out so far
  * Web:
    * bplate: will try to create a when2meet and share it on OCF Google Drive once I get an ocf.berkeley.edu account and get access to OCF officer docs
* jaysa: Office Manager will send list of who *currently* has access. After that, I'll ask if she can update
  * jaysa: the person responsible for setting the keycard access currently on a long vacation
* jaysa: Darl and I will have mail-room access soon to pick up packages :)
* jaysa: what to do with this large wooden board? hang where?
* jaysa: we have ~~three~~four vacuums (??), we should test if they're broken and if so throw them away
* jaysa: I will ***eminent ***domain your committee heads!!!
* dapark: who can change the discord tags?
  * bplate: probably njha; want to use tag to check who is interested in web
  * dapark: should ask njha about it
  * ethanhu: discord tags are broken
  * bplate: maybe ping people to self-role?
  * njha: Discord role requires joining Discord; these roles are not compatible with Slack or Matrix; should tell everyone that they need to join the web channel to be notified about web

## Project Updates

* ethanhu: maybe pay people to lead new projects?
  * bryli: does not disagree; but logistically challenging in getting people together and having people meet together and such
    * etw: managing people in general is…just hard
    * dapark: a lot of old staff capable of managing these projects are graduating soon
  * njha: but will be extremely logistically difficult (as noted in the past)
    * rjz: agreed
  * trinityc: a lot of staff come here to *learn*, but we should make it clear that OCF staff are volunteer staff and OCF is not running a classroom here! (well, outside of DeCal)
  * adi: Moral conundrum — if people join this club because they are interested but they are inexperienced, they will not join. But teaching them will not be very productive.
    * jaysa: maybe have them self-teach and just ask questions to old staff
    * dapark: but what if they do not know what questions to ask?
    * njha: small tasks/staff training is good, though even these small tasks still require a lot of experience
    * bryli, dapark: should refer to the DeCal for learning
      * etw: people do not learn how to work as OCF staff in the DeCal
    * ethanhu: maybe we can provide educational service for students wanting to learn?
    * adi: well…spending all our time teaching new staff would not be productive
    * dapark: maybe work with staff who are showing incredible passion
    * bryli: *a two year contract???? (jk)*
    * njha: there will at least be that one freshman who are skilled and are willing to help
    * ethanhu, bryli: but there is brain drain towards the consulting clubs :(
  * oliverni: stop overcomplicating things — what if we do not build our own exporters and just have a less pretty docs to avoid having someone spend 50 hours of effort here?
    * jaysa: maybe just have links going to the old docs
    * oliverni: we spend too much time building our build tools — they are nice for the parts that work, but we now have this whole massive infra that we have to maintain
    * ethanhu: maybe our work can be used open-source to help others out?
    * njha: we shouldn't be running k8s at all, this is the logical conclusion of simplification, the exporter is just a simple python project
      * complexity can be bad, but we do stuff because we want to do them :)
  * we brought this up last semester

## Internal Committee

* hiking at the big c saturday 4-7pm
* now in the discord
* meetings thursdays 7-8pm

## External Committee

* Blast alumni DMs first meeting
* Etw: $500 stage mics?
* rjz: renting camera from media and publication center for events possible?
  * yes

## Finance Committee

* Still deciding on meeting time; will announce soon, but likely between Wed and Sat
* OpStaff double shifts approved! (See OpStaff updates for more)
* Will probably try to create a budget for non-committed funds first (<https://github.com/ocf/projects/issues/89>) 
* Also tightly collaborating with Internal (yehchanyoo is internal head, and I am an honorary internal member (head))
  * Working to finalize rough budget for retreat (including the subsidized pricing)
  * Also working on social budget stuff
* njha: maybe set rules and norms on the food budget
  * also, on another note, please clean up the snack stuff!
  * jaysa: should restrict ocf-paid snacks to those working for staff hours

## Decal Committee

* 123 people are officially enrolled in the course
* aaronz and joeyzli gave Lecture 2, went well!
* We do not have regular meeting times outside of classtime


# Web

* posting on discord! plz check and fill out the form
* verify yourself first

## Desktop Upgrades

* njha: I might be late to BoD, but I think it's a good replacement for our current desktops and we should buy one to try it out. I got setup with a business account to buy them in bulk (see email thread in officers@). Please delay discussion of this until the end of BoD (buysheet?) if I'm not there! Thanks.
  * Q: How many should we buy to test?
    * 1-2 -rjz
  * Q (rjz): what specs?
  * Q: Discuss potential issues (can we make type-C laptops work? monitor mounts?)
  * njha: maybe consider framework? maybe buy one for now, and then — if it works for now — we can buy many (I already have a business account with framework)
    * unit price: $600 
    * ronitnath: framework!
    * no mac minis — hard to work with Linux with Mac minis
  * njha: should we buy the AMD (shipping much later) or Intel processors (shipping this week, can experiment with)?
    * we will have one Intel framework :)
    * will buy the mainboard, the RAM, the SSD, and the frame (\~$1,000 to 1,300) **(approved on the buysheet)**

## Buysheet

* jaysa: ethanhu, were you reimbursed for Nick Weaver talk items?
  * no
* where are HDMI cables?
  * here

add things to buysheet: ocf.io/buy

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)