# October 4

Directors in attendance:

* ethanhu
* jaysa
* andytsai
* jedakrisnell
* bplate
* tabi
* yehchanyoo
* ronitnath
* adi
* ericyang
* oliverni
* etw
* anddone
* rjz
* anirudhsuresh
* bryli
* kashun
* njha

Guests in attendance:

* thompson
* eamez

Meeting Minutes:

* yehchanyoo

# Agenda

## RT Tickets

use ocf.io/rt/\[0-9\]\* to easily access specific ticket numbers!

search for resolved tickets w/ similar subject

### __Root required:__

* [Chi Epsilon Website Down](https://rt.ocf.berkeley.edu/Ticket/Display.html?id=13369) (3 RT tickets merge -- kian and ethanhu unable to touch this issue)
* [Account disabled](https://rt.ocf.berkeley.edu/Ticket/Display.html?id=13362) (requires root access)
* Lending: [RT#13367](https://ocf.io/rt/13367) (a club wants to borrow a used OCF monitor for an anime convention)
  * njha: OCF not in the business of lending monitors; should not be telling people about used monitors in the supply room
* Rollover:
  * ~~Account problems: RT#13227~~
    * oliverni: seems like already resolved? replied just in case
  * HPC: [RT#13197](https://ocf.io/rt/13197)

### __Open to all:__

* **[.Berkeley.edu Lab Website](https://rt.ocf.berkeley.edu/Ticket/Display.html?id=13346)**
  * kian: they have to ask for the domain themselves, but have an entire semester to do this; someone with more experience can do this later
* Not Grafana: RT#13372
  * ethanhu: wants to obtain website statistics?
    * njha, etw: may want to look into this, but not accepting the request atm
      * suggestion: put google analytics on it

## Opstaff Updates

* Project updates
  * One of the posters is finished // res hall focused
    * One more in the works for CS Dept and libraries
  * Social media is underway
    * TBD Instagram posts, but should be up sooner or later
  * [First song demo](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kt4hnOac4zcWYVZ5-kriCYmmlVhdx3K2/view?usp=drive_link)! :D
    * jedakrisnell: Thanks to Giana for making the demo!
  * [Wallpaper redesign](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1A6hBm8tn3LObx9FxkdVQP9VFnFIJOzXP/view?usp=drive_link)
    * jedakrisnell: Thanks to Kim for making the wallpaper!
      * kim: Removed troubleshooting steps; got rid of dolphin stuff; added pictures for more visual explanation; put in arrows for hard-to-read things
        * Wallpaper design approved by BoD
  * Around the lab
    * Supplies, fridge, microwave, Opstaff area are cleaned
    * Merch hung up
      * How much again?
      * jaysa: got fundraising logistics straightened out with advisor
        * jaysa: FiComm, figure out how much it cost to make the merch!
* Upcoming projects
  * Bake sale
  * Halloween social v2
    * inurzhanov: can just have snacks and do a movie night; will be at Internal meeting tomorrow!
* Snacks
  * Ordering soon, should come throughout next week
  * \~$100 ($98.68)

## Project Updates

### Supply Room

* jaysa: njha, trinityc, and I took supply room monitors and e-waste to recycling!
  * What to do with macs?
  * Returning broken monitor
  * gamer mouse @ cyclone bc old one had broken scrolling

### Administrative Affairs

* dapark: Finance agent status should also be updated. Discussed with our advisor. The rest of keycard access for the current members should be updated soon also. 
  * ani: finished finance agent training but don't have stage 2 access, will it be helpful if i did? otherwise, doesn't matter
    * yehchanyoo: finished agent training but ASUC rejected my agent request without explanation??? currently working on that rtn
      * ani: did it say u don't have officer status
      * yehchanyoo: they just said "not authorized" and nothing more
      * ani: I tried, but they said they don't give out stage 2 access unless ur an officer on Callink. Do u know who has access to that?
      * yehchanyoo: can try to look into this post-BoD


* jaysa: keycard should be good in 2 weeks max. now to delete alumniâ€¦

Subdomain Migration

* things are going

Web Updates

* bplate: Last week's meeting to get people developing on supernova
  * bplate: taught members about react
    * jaysa: nice slides btw!
* This Friday will talk about developing the website with React and Gatsby (not a tutorial on how to use React)

Linux Infra Updates

* jaysa: oliverni, do you want to do it?
  * oliverni: sure (will meet on Sundays at 3 PM)
  * bryli: recommend taking/looking at DeCal

Internal Committee

* bryli: retreat still happening -- will be at Yosemite
  * sign-up form available in the announcement
  * can bring 6-7 more people
  * price \~$70 per person, but let us know if you need financial assistance
  * further discussions will happen at 7 PM tomorrow

External Committee

* Prepping interest email to potential speakers (incl. alumni)

Finance Committee

* jaysa: ABSA funds will show up in a month or so according to ASUC CFO
* ani: discussed potential fundraisers or other non-ASUC funding sources to replenish misc fund for retreat and snacks. Will discuss with external. 
* yehchanyoo: will try to organize a budget for existing fund in 2 weeks

Decal

* trinityc: lukep & kashun did lecture on Networking yesterday
  * skateboard person finally returned and got his original skateboard back

## Buysheet

add things to buysheet: ocf.io/buy

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)