# November 1

Directors in attendance:

* ethanhu
* jaysa
* bplate
* btorres
* ronitnath
* trinityc
* yehchanyoo
* oliverni
* etw
* anddone
* rjz
* kashun
* anirudhsuresh
* jedakrisnell
* dapark
* lemurseven


Guests in attendance:

* \


Meeting Minutes:

* ronitnath


Next Meeting:

* \

# Agenda

## RT Tickets

use ocf.io/rt/\[0-9\]\* to easily access specific ticket numbers!

* thank you oliver!! got the below

### __Root required:__

* ~~Account restore: RT#13439~~
* ~~HPC: RT#13448, RT#13449~~

### __Open to all:__

* \


## Opstaff Updates

* Opstaff requests
  * Chain the staplers
  * General supplies
    * Tape - both regular tape and packing
      * rjz: We have 2 boxes of tape ordered
    * Pens - OCF pens (Opstaff project), bulk order pens for people to borrow
    * bought pencils!
    * Plates, napkins, and cups
  * Posting memes on OCF Insta
    * Will only post with BoD approval
    * Just so it's not too cracked and we maintain our "image"
* Any updates on the Purchase Request changing accounts (CACCSF → TechFee) situation?
  * Pay Period 5 this weekend
* Halloween social was great <3
  * :D
* Reimbursement for Opstaff gift of the semester - $47.04
  * Got them candies in a jar, temporary tattoos, spider ring, and a keychain penguin :)
* Project updates: KALX PSA got approved (no clue when being played), more signage (Show ID sign, Supplies Table, Clean Up), posters, Insta posting socials, stickers, ~~fight Justin for unplugging fridge without telling us and causing a leak~~ 

## Administrative Affairs

* jaysa: new printer contract? wanted to run it by everyone before i sign
  * 12 months, 12 toners
  * recycled toner
    * jaysa: should be OK! although in the past they've died faster than non-recycled toners, we can always buy our own toner to supplement. what we're really doing this for is the **maintenance**! pagefault has been broken for awhile, and as fun repairing printers ourselves is… it isn't.
      * rjz: I think from the language used we can get the printer fixed this time without going into the contract
      * contract is a bad deal, we pay slightly less for original toners when accounting for the staples rewards (or significantly less when 50%) and they print more
      * economy mode vs not? use the recycled ones but on non economy mode?
      * jaysa: if we can't get the original toners, move forward with the contract
      * njha: asking doesn't hurt. 
      * maintenance is cheaper with the contract
  * technician can come by for $250, plus cost for parts
* jaysa: bylaw meeting this friday at 3 PM
* jaysa: lanterns will be taken down this saturday :(((

## Project Updates

* web (bplate)
  * Continuing usual meetings, mostly just meeting up with people who have questions
    * If anyone has ideas for presentations, lmk; I think I went over everything that was important in my mind
  * Progress being made on announcements API (vicshi06) and staff hours calendar (llloxim on GH sorry I don't know your OCF handle)
* linux infra
  * more migration stuff is happening
  * lukepeters is working on hosting OCF CoCalc <https://cocalc.com/>
    * need to figure out auth

## Internal Committee

* trinityc: retreat is next (not this) weekend!!!
  * Put yourself in somebody's car: <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1agGapxf-K6ToKYdKYY_4niC_9HUoahyIcZlpDBJmXNc/edit?usp=sharing>

## External Committee

* Alumni banquet December 9th
  * We really need staff to help since some of us may not be able to make it ;-;
  * Plan budget/location 
* Thomson Nguyen interested in doing a talk about founding a startup/getting into YC and has talked before, what is a good date?
  * Can do any Wednesday after 7, will respond and hopefully that fits their schedule
    * Likely going to be Slivers again for food, need plates/napkins like before. Do we want to do drinks again? 

## Finance Committee

* yehchanyoo: Bake sale confirmed to be next Tuesday (11/7)
  * eariespraud will purchase the batch from Trader Joe's before the sales date (nuts-free, but likely not gluten-free; she is still deciding)
  * She will sell her cookies during her OpStaff shift on Tuesday from 4 to 7 PM
  * She will be reimbursed for her cookie batch with misc fund
  * A preliminary round of bake sale -- may or may not hold a bigger sale later in the semester based on how much profit we get
* yehchanyoo: Some proposals came up (esp. from andytsai) during the FiComm meeting (note: need to still look over these proposals with ASUC)
  * Charge people for black-and-white printing *over daily/semesterly page limit*?
    * Will still provide free printing up to 20 pages per day or 200 pages per semester -- just proposing to provide extra service for larger printing requests at a cost
    * anirudhsuresh: maybe extend 20 page limit also/instead. We have the ABSA funds to do this. 
  * Charge people for reserving OCF space in after hours?
    * Beginning from next academic year at the earliest, as an OpStaff might needed to watch the facility during that time
  * Add *free* color printing
    * Hard to maintain, but there is a very high demand for color printing here!
      * Not charging money here -- we are proposing adding color printing to 
    * Good way to increase OCF's contributions and further improve OCF's image to the UCB community
    * njha: This costs 40 cents per page at Soda for a reason
      * yehchanyoo: Maybe we can have 5-6 pages come out of limit per colored page?
  * Thoughts?
    * **General consensus: Charging people for services is a bad idea & can cause us to lose funding**
    * **Printing:** Color printing may be difficult to maintain and will put too much of an additional workload on OpStaff and volunteer staff (even black-and-white printing is hard to maintain!). But maybe turn off economode?
      * We should **crunch the numbers** + experiment with some of these policies (e.g. changing the page limit, especially during high demand times like during career fairs)

## Decal Committee

* trinityc: sp24 decal proposal has been submitted
* rjz, njha is willing to help out change decal for the next semester

## Buysheet

**Update on mini PC** -- shipped on Monday night, shipping DHL Express from HK so hopefully here by early next week!

add things to buysheet: ocf.io/buy

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)