# October 18

### Directors in attendance

* oliverni
* bplate
* jedakrisnell
* ncograin
* trinityc
* jaysa
* yehchanyoo
* btorres
* lemurseven
* bryli
* etw
* njha
* ethanhu
* kashun
* ronitnath
* adi

### Guests in attendance

* peter and carry
* aryanshs

### Meeting minutes notetaker

* bryli


# Agenda

## RT Tickets

use ocf.io/rt/\[0-9\]\* to easily access specific ticket numbers!

### __Root required:__

* HPC: RT#13389, RT#13414, RT#13396
  * Should have a non-root required way to add people to HPC (will take time)
* For SMs only, questions about mirrors: RT#13416, RT#13419
  * seems to be mostly mirrors located in China
  * requires architecture overhaul for status file

### __Open to all:__

* \

## Opstaff Updates

* Mid-Semester Feedback results
  * What are some things you want other Opstaff/Volunteer Staff to be more mindful of?
    * Be aware of noise! When project, committee, Decal is in session, quiet down our conversations. It can be distracting for everyone :')
    * Keep Opstaff desk clean
  * What are some improvements you want to see in the lab?
    * Signs, graphics, ~~no more orange plants LMAO~~
    * Wipe down the tables and have a cleaner space in general! 
    * Organization!
    * Penguin posters ~~for sale~~!
* Opstaff Check-Ins
  * Overall they're enjoying it here in the lab
  * Already talked to a GM about recurrent situation
  * They are all planning to stay for next semester 
  * Notes
    * **Be respectful**
      * Pronouns should be respected!
    * A random person connected to the TV with their phone
    * SWE++ shift with Gianna (10/7)
      * They had no tech support
      * ![](attachments/f9e53b44-b03f-4481-9df1-86ad45a22a1a.png)
    * Another issue
      * ![](attachments/7190161f-ca6d-49b5-9b1d-4c5cf91d9363.png)
    * Troubleshooting/Computer literacy training
    * Users going behind the desk
* Projects: [fliers](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1EFbHKODF8L6DKdE9b-0nmu3YZTM2G0Nu?usp=share_link) done, stickers, bake sale (more with Ficomm), no color printing sign, penguin posters, signs for printer
  * embroidered shirts 15, others 10, tote 5
  * cost to us was \~$14.30 for the embroidered shirts
* Pay Period 4 done this Sunday

## Administrative Affairs

* jaysa: haven't gotten the OK on the bake-sale yet, will follow-up
* yehchanyoo: proposal on the plan for the bake sale from @eariespraud -- wanted discussion on this plan during BoD 
  * Plan: After approval from ASUC and BoD, she will do a preliminary round of baking sales in which she will buy and bake one batch of baked goods at her own cost
    * bryli: should reimburse her for every batch, not just the second round of batches
    * jaysa: should be fine otherwise
  * If the preliminary round of bake sales is found to be profitable, we will go for the second round of bake sales in which OCF will reimburse her for the costs
  * Still consulting with ASUC (as noted by jaysa above); thoughts?
* jaysa: rewriting opstaff hiring form after BoD today

## Project Updates

### Subdomain Migration

* kian: waiting on dns records from kellsie before we can publish mirror sites which allows them to send out comms
  * wrote up a notice to send to student groups
  * will push migration deadline back if sites aren't up by nov
  * need to set up faq page on our side for groups who will be migrating

### Web

* bplate: Last week went over new backend project (announcements)
  * Milestone: <https://github.com/ocf/api/milestone/2>
  * Issue on ocf-api for discussion on the project
* Web team making progress on frontend too (staff hours calendar, about page, etc.)
* Also work being done on an API endpoint for outline docs
  * Public collections (User Facing Docs) will be accessible on website without needing to log in on new ocf
  * Everything else will require login
  * Replacing current docusaurus solution

### Linux Infra

* oliverni: Had 2nd meeting last weekend, going well
* We went over how to do various stuff as well as how to assist with migration
* erilu helped migrate id6 to newk8s and patricklee helped migrate ircbot (I still need to review)
* Work is being done on virtual staff-in-the-lab whiteboard by lemurseven
* Jim is working on staticifying wordpress
* lemurseven is adding laptop support to wiitl

## Internal Committee

* Social coming up, 10/28 (Halloween weekend)
  * Movie time! Also possibly/very likely Curry Pizza House (use coupons)
  * 5 PM-5:30 setup, we'll get decorations and candy!
  * 5:30-10 PM we partyyyy
  * 10-11 PM cleanup?? can be flexible
* Retreat: Looking at an alternative AirBnB
  * <https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/994926534866249699?adults=16&check_in=2023-11-10&check_out=2023-11-12&source_impression_id=p3_1696724255_K/2uPiP3xnhKIdJf&previous_page_section_name=1000&federated_search_id=ef540c94-41ba-4e36-a174-b64cb70d3223>
  * Would like opinions from BoD
  * nvm gone
* Discounted car rentals from Enterprise with Berkeley code: <https://property.berkeley.edu/fleet/enterprise-rent-car>
  * I have a car
* \

## External Committee

* Banquet is November 18th
* definitive email lists?
* officers@, staff@
* Linus Tech Tips pushed back

## Finance Committee

* Weekly meetings to be moved to Saturdays from 4 PM to 5 PM, beginning from this week
* Updates on bake sale — see the Administrative Affairs section above

## Decal Committee

* trinityc: owent, joeyzli, lukep gave lecture for week7 security!
  * help with grading labs pls!

## Buysheet

add things to buysheet: ocf.io/buy

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)
