# November 29

Directors in attendance:

* jaysa
* dapark
* bryli
* yehchanyoo
* bplates
* adi
* kashun
* aly
* ronitnah
* ethanhu
* trinityc
* lemurseven
* jedakrisnell
* etw
* anddone
* kimcpape


Guests in attendance:

* quincytsai
* BILL! BILL! BILL!
* teegooglycoffeemeat\n

Meeting Minutes:

* bryli

# Agenda

## RT Tickets

use ocf.io/rt/\[0-9\]\* to easily access specific ticket numbers!

### __Root required:__

* Some RT tickets handled by Jaysa

### __Open to all:__

* \


## Opstaff Updates

* Pay Period 6 complete
  * $2171.75 off CACCSF
* Pay Period 7 should be a lot less
  * Thanksgiving week
* New schedule for next week and Finals week
  * Still asking them to fill out availability
    * Making a schedule this weekend
  * Extending to close @9 next week (RRR week)?
    * yehchanyoo: Will try to plan for extra hours this weekend during FiComm meeting
* Fall Opstaff social still okay?
  * Talking about it with them during this week's meeting
  * Will be during RRR week
  * Escape room? (Sometime next week?)
* OCF-wide laser tag social?
* Can't really give project updates because we haven't had our meeting yet :(
* Need BoD approval/critiques
* \
  * [ID Poster](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15tjVzpamt-khtpSaPH0u6udS7kW7cYP1/view?usp=sharing)
  * Looks great! :)
* Pagefault staying alive is wild, but yay <3

## Administrative Affairs

* UGTCS uses lab space on Monday nights
  * trying to get cory hall next sem
* Get purchase requests in before **Dec 1**
  * otherwise, you will not receive payment until late January

## Project Updates

* subdomain migration:
  * mirror sites are live (mostly)
    * groups can start migrating stuff
  * need to get emails for studentorg domains working
    * if someone could help with this it would be greatly appreciated
    * rjz will help! :)
      * rjz: >:)
  * published migration guide here [https://ocf.io/s/subdomain-migration](https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/docs/services/vhost/subdomain-migration/)
  * patrick's team will send out comms to studentorgs this week i think

## Internal Committee

* trinityc: casual gaming social?? (i brought my switch to berkeley >:)
  * smash

## External Committee

* Banquet on 12/9, tech talk 12/6
  * Thomson Nguyen Tech talk @ OCF 7pm
    * Reschedule BoD and elections
    * BOD ELECTIONS CHANGED TO 12/5 IN OCF @ 8 PM
  * Decide banquet location
  * Need to make reservations
    * NEED A GOOD ESTIMATE FOR 
      * Only one recommended restaurant: <http://longlifevegihouse.com/>

## Finance Committee

* Checking on retreat payment
  * Bryan: PR?
    * $1365.85 -- $270 lower than calculated
    * Airbnb cost in the spreadsheet included parking costs (as the Airbnb rent owner charged OCF the parking costs), which ended up being paid by Trinity instead of Bryan
  * Trinity: Donation of remaining money to misc fund?
    * trinityc: All outstanding items have been paid, I used the venmo retreat money + my own, so I am at -$186 ; will be requesting PR from misc -- is this acceptable?
      * This would be putting us at $1365.85 (airbnb) + $186 from misc funds instead of the projected $1390
      * Went a bit above, don't know where the number went
      * yehchanyoo: **Overall amount of money spent was fairly accurate -- it's more that Trinity ended up bearing more of a burden than we expected**
    * yehchanyoo: This is surprisingly high -- maybe we could discuss this during the FiComm meeting, as I feel that this might be a bit of a complex discussion
    * trinityc: Can I go ahead and put the PR? we can't really undo the costs at this point
    * yehchanyoo: The PR must have a clear purpose with valid documentation -- otherwise, ASUC will drag its feet on the transaction.
    * trinityc: I can put in gas receipts
    * trinityc: or I suppose I can just donate $186 to the OCF :p 
    * yehchanyoo: No need to do that, but…may need to discuss this during the GM/FiComm meeting
* Will discuss OpStaff payment for extra hours this Saturday
* Will try to work on dashboard and handbook throughout this week
* Complaints about some transactions that are moved to Stage 2 without BoD approval -- still preserve special privileges for spending among the leadership?
  * Should try to have the transactions be approved by BoD before moving transaction to Stage 2
* Will be discussing the Misc Fund spending on the banquet

## Decal Committee

* trinityc: CUDA lecture (by lemurseven) will be next week
  * TUESDAY 7 PM
* trinityc: we need people to help with grading/grades!!
  * wednesday grading party? also, people who have prior experience with decal-- do we have scripts somewhere for exporting/compiling lab grades?
  * Talked to Tony (longlian) about the lecture, they reached out
  * Target 45 min to 1 hour
* BOD ELECTIONS CHANGED TO 12/5 IN OCF @ 8 PM

## Buysheet

add things to buysheet: ocf.io/buy

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)

## Elections

* trinityc: 
* Up to 2 committee heads
  * Passed (10-4)
* One person should not be able to have multiple positions
  * Passed
* Additionally, do we want to keep 2 GM/SMs?
  * yes
* we will do condorcet beatpath as per the constitution


* [Election nominations](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1U41GqSVtb_9e7ySA-KzYPCLnFqMyt3lW7PlmhCwyYz4/edit#gid=0)
  * done Monday 11:59