# November 15

Directors in attendance:

* dapark
* jaysa
* bryli
* trinityc
* lemurseven
* bplate
* adi
* njha
* oliverni
* jedakrisnell
* tabi
* andytsai
* kimcpape
* ethanhu
* etw
* ronitnath
* yehchanyoo
* anddone


Guests in attendance:

* adymchenko
* storce


\
Meeting Minutes:

* bryli

# Agenda

## RT Tickets

use ocf.io/rt/\[0-9\]\* to easily access specific ticket numbers!

### __Root required:__

* Account restore: 13490
* ~~Website down: 13478~~
  * jaysa is taking care of this one
* ~~Password reset: 13277~~
  * oliverni: i will take care of this rn

### __Open to all:__

* \


## Opstaff Updates

* Staff hours +1
  * Some people coming in and not sure when staff hours are available (not updated)
* Thanksgiving hours next week
  * OCF will be closed all next week (as aligned with ocf.io/hours)
    * Opstaff will not be working, but…
  * "Open" if staff wants to keep the door open
* Pay period 6 this weekend
* Project updates: new "show ID" sign [proof](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MP1z-f8LeF-T2v_LGlrtoSiY4v_4zTcI/view?usp=drive_link), more signage, **will force someone to post retreat pictures** **on social media/Instagram and in general**
  * Currently in Photoshop and is being vectorized, please let Kim know if you have any feedback
  * R E T R E A T     P H O T O S ! → posts on Instagram (plus hiking and halloween socials)
  * Future RSVP forms - have a "yes I am ok with having photos being taken"
* Retreat
  * Thank you again to everyone who helped plan and execute the retreat <3
  * Still want to open the conversation that I started that Saturday night (can move this conversation later in BoD agenda though - have its own section for reflection?)
    * Felt conversation got cut short because people were exhausted (so valid)

## Administrative Affairs

* jaysa: super secret post-BOD social!! what could it be??![](attachments/0097eaa0-50e5-4616-9695-0d0c91cd8117.jpeg "right-50 =166x149")
* jaysa: ASUC wants a constitutional amendment
  * need someone to second. will vote next week
  * ethanhu seconds
  * If we are an RSO, we need to make these changes to our constitution
    * Anything bought with ASUC funds is property of ASUC
    * oliverni: i think this is implied anyway since we're literally part of the ASUC
      * but we can put it if we need to
    * other half is no hazing etc
    * Any funding that we get from the ASUC that we use to buy things with, ASUC claims ownership of those things
    * Club dissolves → assets go to ASUC
      * Officers/members of club are fiscally responsible in this case if there are things that are missing
    * Clear in terms of ownership issue with ASUC funds
    * Clause 8 - all disputes should be resolved by ASUC judicial council, if some other party has an issue they can bring it up to the judicial council
    * Most of this is already true
  * Looking into IREF - not fleshed out yet
* jaysa: working out printer contract (still)
  * Minor decision: do we buy recycled or original toner?
  * Recycled toner cartridges might break before running out of toner, especially because of economode
    * Causes big mess if it does break
* dapark: mid semester report and week 13 report
  * Will show Grafana graphs, if there are any big changes made let dapark know
    * Maybe ask for OCF Decal opinions
* dapark: ATDP updates - OCF and ATDP Agreement 2024 review
  * <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TnJXsXI_VNpsyS0cwn6luk4HwiD2OXxK0Xp8Qa1tl4g/edit>
    * June 17 2024 \~ July 26 2024 8:30 AM - 4:30 PM
    * providing computers, equipment, furnishings, preparation to set up computer systems 
    * Approved 17-0 unanimously
* ~~yehchanyoo: Suffering from authentication issues for *some* devices for docs.ocf.berkeley.edu still since right before the retreat -- how long will it be until they get resolved?~~
  * ~~FIXED~~
    * ~~jedakrisnell: +1 happened to me for a few hours~~
    * ~~yehchanyoo: talked to kian about this; seems like an issue for a lot of people?~~
    * ~~dapark: yup same happened since last night for some reason~~
    * ~~njha: this is related to IPv6, it's unclear why it broke all of a sudden but we'll look into it during GM today~~
      * ~~oliverni: it's fixed~~
    * ~~yehchanyoo: Hmm it works for me now -- seems to be working for everyone now, from looking at Discord/Slack/Matrix~~


\

## Project Updates

* jaysa: 1 test mousepad ordered! fixed dpi
* web (bplate)
  * Meeting this Friday with presentation on CI/CD
  * Progress continuing on staff calendar and announcements API
  * No meeting next week
* subdomains:
  * all transitioned studentorg domains should now be live in dns
  * deadlines have been updated to reflect the delays
    * comms will be sent out nov 28 or 29
      * they want us to have migration faqs on website and mirror sites live before comms are sent out
    * wordpress site migration switchover on mar 1
    * all other site migration deadline on apr 1

## Internal Committee

* trinityc: re:retreat: Drivers and other people who bought things, get reimbursed!!! (through trinityc venmo) <https://forms.gle/PiUL8tD2rfR354Ut7>
  * $44 parking fee autoreimbursed
  * Everything else please submit receipt
* bryli: will be reimbursing AirBnB through PRs
  * Aged drinks will be submitted via form too

## External Committee

* Banquet on 12/9, tech talk 12/6
  * Tech talk @ OCF
  * Banquet @ Gather? Need to make reservations
    * Consult attendees list to find venues and stuff

## Finance Committee

* jaysa: looking into IREF instead of CACSSF for future funding
  * "Instructional Resilience and Enhancement Fees"
  * adi: James Weichert (former AAVP) pulled out and said IREF funding was not possible last semester (after pushing it down the line more and more)
  * njha: IREF funding possibility was already suggested in the past, but never really executed
  * IREF funding permanent
    * yehchanyoo: We will look into this!
* yehchanyoo: Thanks to everyone in FiComm and Internal Comm for helping out with the retreat financing!
  * Checking in: AirBnB PR
    * Addressed previously in the Internal Committee updates -- PR will be sent later on
  * Checking in: Amount of retreat fee money left
    * \~$200 left rtn; most reimbursements made
* yehchanyoo: Remaining agenda for the rest of the semester
  * Dashboard! (*Internal deadline: End of November*)
  * Updated FiComm handbook (with a good timeline for applying for funds, for introducing newbies to OCF Finance, etc. next semester)
    * IREF?
  * Making sure that retreat finances go smoothly
  * Regular toners vs. used toners?
    * Will discuss this later

## Project Updates (njha)

* Mini PCs
  * Existing ones have tariff, 25%, seems very annoying
    * $800 max per shipment, they offered to keep every shipment under $800 but that is fraud
  * rjz has an alternative from Amazon, but it's also not from a reputable company :(
  * Reputable company options are…
    * Framework 13 Mainboard
      * cons: low TDP, worse graphics / CPU, more expensive
    * Dell Mini PC
      * pros: actually faster than the minisform CPU wise??? integrated with back of monitor. also the warranty is like 4 year and they will come to us and fix it if something breaks
        * <https://www.dell.com/en-us/shop/dell-optiplex-micro-aio-stand-mfs22/apd/452-bdub/pc-accessories>
        * look at this picture ^^
        * Could maybe just buy a few
      * cons: the GPU is slower, it's more expensive
    * oliverni: Mac Minis
* Storage Room Cleanup Planning
  * went with some people (lwk forgot who) to throw away e-waste, so lots of the e-waste is now gone
  * the remaining stuff needs some kind of organizational system
  * it feels like the direction of the org is moving towards being more formal / should we bring back OCF inventory system?
    * inventree or something
    * oliver - too much overhead

## Decal Committee

* trinityc: last official lecture yesterday!
  * some decal students were interested in coming to GM today! please welcome them :) 
* CUDA lecture will happen week after thanksgiving
  * lecturers: lemurseven and chrislaiwx (chris is a person from a research group that trinity knows)
  * will be open to everyone, not just decal students! ( we want to get good attendance so we can show our nvidia sponsors)

## Buysheet

add things to buysheet: ocf.io/buy

rjz: How much paper do we need?

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)