# September 20

Directors in attendance:

* dapark
* jaysa
* lemurseven
* trinityc
* ethanhu
* yehchanyoo
* bplate
* kashun
* adi
* btorres
* etw
* oliverni
* kian
* jedakrisnell
* bryli
* adymchenko
* ncograin
* rjz
* anirudhsuresh
* anddone
* njha

Guests in attendance:

* tabi


Meeting Minutes:

* jaysa
* dapark: good morning kids happy \[redacted\] air quality day

  \

# Agenda

## RT Tickets

use ocf.io/rt/\[0-9\]\* to easily access specific ticket numbers!

### __Root required:__

* HPC: RT#13326
  * No description
* Username: RT#13335
* Website: RT#13318

### __Open to all:__

* Rolled over, check last three weeks' BoD notes
* kian and ethanhu have resolved all but 3!!


## Opstaff Updates

* Opstaff recommendations (you don't have to get all of these LMAO)
  * Snacks: yogurt-covered pretzels, spicy and regular chips packs, Cheez-It, Goldfish Crackers, fruit snacks (Motts, Annies), Hello Pandas, Milanos, Skinny Pop popcorn
  * Drinks: Coffee grounds (with microwavable cups, creamer cups), yerbamates (~~I will shotgun~~), Caprisun
* First PR done
  * Should be distributed Thursday/Friday
* Fire alarm pulled yesterday
  * Andy was on shift when it happened, closed the lab for a little bit
  * Eleonore opened it back up because Andy was getting coffee LMAO
* [Projects](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Gxb4EX-GY_NFj5VjSB5Rzg5ZAcLSh1p48PYC6CsYQwU/edit?usp=sharing) starting up
  *  Any project recommendations that Opstaff should start ASAP?
    * jaysa: social media! manage the [instagram](https://www.instagram.com/ucbocf/)
      * also make r/berkeley posts to attract volunteer staff?
      * jedakrisnell: reddit is crazy but doable
      * trinityc: help internalcomm post pictures / show that we are actually social and not only just computer nerds
        * yehchanyoo: agreed!
    * andytsai, lemurseven: resume wall of shame (redact names probably)
* Pagefault :(
* pls share group photos from the hike so we can post on instagram thanks -Isabelle
  * jaysa will put in opstaff channel later

## Administrative Affairs

* jaysa: oliverni and darl add your phone numbers to emergency list for opstaff
* jaysa: do you guys think we should continue keeping meeting notes in outline? I like having everything more centralized…
  * the notes should be in one place.
  * should have bod script running at some point to check attendance counts.

## Keycard

* jaysa: received current keycard access list from facilities :D yayyy
  * because our program advisor (who is out of office) currently approves requests submitted through the form and not me…. please be patient a little longer
  * jaysa: for people who have difficulty scanning their keycard: put it in a wallet! Make sure your AC transit pass doesn't block it, the scanner will scan that instead (and flash green for a split second, but not actually unlock)!
    * ⚠️ the veracity of this claim is disputed

## Toner

* jaysa: monday night, lharriscal and I dropped off 3 empty toners (and 1 malfunctioning) at the Telegraph CVS UPS drop off - yayyyy :d
  * thanks to rjz for printing shipping labels & lemurseven for helping carry box
  * I will write updated printer maintenance docs in Outline
* jaysa: 3 new toners are now in storage room!
  * DO NOT THROW AWAY THE MANUALS (they come with shipping labels for recycling)

## Printing Issues Progress

* jaysa: chrome-caching
  * lharriscal and aditya wrote a script, but lharriscal will overhaul…?
  * figured it out!
  * two scripts
    * 1.  turns chrome cache read-only
    * 2. nukes the cache
  * using the second one.

## Other Purchases

* jaysa: air filters have arrived. need to install
  * rjz's got it
* jaysa: framework mainboard MIA
  * njha has ssd, ram for framework
  * f carina ??
  * found the package? no one came?? what do we do to get it back??? any ideas????
  * email?
  * keep showing up?!

## Subdomains

* kian: met with the gang(ayo), we made some really cool and awesome deadlines for migrations
  * dec 19th for vhosted sites
  * \
    * wp people will be handled by us and be force redirected on dec 19th
    * other vhost people will have to update themselves, can opt into redirecting early if they want (probably through a google form or some sort)
      * need to figure out how we're gonna do this technically logistically
      * honestly now that i think about it most non-wp sites will be fine since we're gonna force redirect everyone
    * emails will be sent by patrick in a few weeks? he said draft is mostly done
  * mar 5th (i think) for apphosted sites
  * studentorg.b.e records should be put in by the end of the week
  * kellsie also submitted the backlogged groups for approval by patrick
    * update: they were approved and are now live!
  * need to update docs and templates.o.b.e to reference new cname record
  * mail "redirects" work kinda, but idk if we should rewrite the to field to be their studentorg.b.e domain (e.g. if i send an email to waddles@xcf.berkeley.edu it appears on waddles' side as an email to waddles@xcf.studentorg.berkeley.edu)
    * etw: is there a way to disable sending?
      * currently config for redirects live solely in the db which is a nightmare but idk how else to do it bc everything else seems considerably worse
      * in ocfmail table do address: "@group.berkeley.edu", forward_to: "@group.studentorg.berkeley.edu"
  * do we want to beg for other domains to be grandfathered in?
    * (dont put this in minutes but honestly we never actually explicitly discussed keeping ocf.berkeley.edu and there's nothing in writing from them about it so we'll see how long we can keep it if at all)
      * "we're not gonna touch you guys (ayo)"
    * mirrors/fallingrocks, xcf, eris, irc
      * and lesser so tsunami, supernova
    * if we do this we'll need to present a solid case for why each domain should be kept
      * tbh since xcf is inactive idk how good our odds are with that

## Buysheet

add things to buysheet: ocf.io/buy

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)


## Project Updates

### Meeting Times

* jaysa: Committe/Project meeting times for this semester:
  * **External: Wednesday 6:30-7PM before bod**
  * **Internal: Thursday 7-8 PM**
  * **Finance: Thursday 6:30-7 PM at OCF or Virtual**
  * **Decal: No meetings!** lecture/lab 7-9pm
  * **Web: Friday 2-3 PM**
  * **Linux Infra: Sunday 3-whenever PM**
  * Any that I'm forgetting?

### **Web**

* \

### **Linux Infra**

* Sunday 3–5pm starting this Sunday (9/24) in the OCF
* New project: ocf containerhost to replace apphost (brainstorming stage)

## Internal Committee

* Further planning of the retreat planned!
  * Thinking between Yosemite/
* Hiking social was great! Lots of people turned up :)
  * trinityc: @[Ethan Hu](mention://8d992655-fbea-44ec-a67f-984f2c3c6935/user/b4d20653-d15d-4661-84c8-1a54a2f08c45) can you add the pictures to the album :0
    * ethanhu: Should ask members for permission to have their faces appear in the photos before making the photos public
    * yehchanyoo: Understood! Will make the photo album private for now.
* trinityc: now that people have been added to staff, will send out another email about upcoming social & activities
* adi: looking into reserving the top of the Salesforce Tower (might be able to do it for free, as OCF has a 501c(3) nonprofit status as an educational organization)

## External Committee

* Set alumni event date
  * bryli: should try to notify the alumni at least one month in advance
  * suggestions below

## Finance Committee

* The meeting time has been decided: ==Thursday 6:30 PM to 7 PM at OCF or Virtual via ocf.io/meet==
  * 30-minute meeting time since me (adi) and yehchanyoo are part of Internal & wanted to have the FiComm meeting right before or after Internal meeting while ensuring all co-heads are available in person
    * Much of FiComm stuff is closely connected to Internal stuff
    * Expect overlap between Internal and Ficomm
    * Extra meetings may be arranged if workload is unusually high
* Made a [rough (not final) budget for retreat](https://docs.ocf.berkeley.edu/s/30edc9cf-8084-4a3e-a599-5565f769023a) (extremely liberal - don't @ me)
  * Budgeted for 40 people, 
  * also assumed like only 4 people have cars to drive so lots of rentals
  * Comes out to $69.69 per person being a reasonable and rough estimate
* Very liberal pricing, but likely will be cheaper (but still funni number, hopefully)
* Some things to do throughout the semester (ocf.io/projects):
  * Creating a more comprehensive budget for misc fund (esp. for socials)
    * May continue to collaborate with Internal on the finances behind retreat
  * Further work on beancount FiComm dashboard?
  * Revision of the Finance Handbook (guide on finance related things for ocf)
  * etc.
* adi- looking into Salesforce Tower trip for OCF :0

## Decal Committee

* bplate and trinityc hosted lecture/lab this week
* live lecture attendance is a comfy 20-30 people
* todo: automated extension request approvals?


\
### nonofficial social things

* Friday 9/22 - dinner \~5:30pm and **comedy show** 7pm (trinityc, njha, oliverni, and some friends)
  * comedy show tickets $5 <https://www.eventbrite.com/e/bears-belly-laughs-comedy-show-tickets-711588649807?utm-campaign=social&utm-content=attendeeshare&utm-medium=discovery&utm-term=listing&utm-source=cp&aff=ebdsshcopyurl>
* Saturday 9/23 - trinityc, jaysa, and some opstaff are going to **thrift store** & maybe food
  * <https://maps.app.goo.gl/qmpLGknJPy8Hx6tZA>