# December 5th

# Attendance

* rjz
* kian
* trinityc
* aly
* bryli
* yehchanyoo
* dpark
* ronitnath
* jaysa
* adymchenko
* ethanhu
* lemurseven
* bplate

# Opstaff updates

* Pay period 7 completed: $1377 off CACCSF
* New RRR and Dead Week schedule
  * Extended hours for RRR week until 9pm, Finals week until 8pm daily
  * jaysa: will update hours online once kubernetes back up
* Opstaff social probably next week :)
  * We will be doing white elephant
* Project updates: posters will be getting printed, social media posts are slowly coming up !!, taking inventory of storage room

## Administrivia

* Program advisor
  * opstaff = university staff?
    * can look into further?
    * ronitnath: pay?
* IREF vs recurring CACSSF
  * kian: campus-based fee with other tech orgs (asuc cto, others)
* Cleaning out newstaff
  * newstaff keep:

    
    1. jimfang
    2. erilu
    3. tiffansun
    4. patricklee
    5. eamez
  * newstaff toss:

    
    1. junran
    2. cwamgsan
    3. zbashkin
    4. gabrielhan
    5. maxmwang
    6. linewsa
    7. drain
    8. nathanel
    9. a few others i unfortunately stored on outline docs
* BoD Approved
* Alumni Banquet
  * Saturday, 5PM
  * In the lab, catered food
  * close lab early at 5 PM
  * will call to cater thursday/friday
* Tech Talk
  * 7-9 PM
  * no food :(

## Buysheet

## Finalizing Nominations

## Election Logistics

* Simple Majority : GM discretion
* Njha's idea: eliminate all committees except decal
  * resounding **hell no**
* Dpark: 3 decal heads
  * lessen workload of individual heads
  * 1 head can manage, rest add to content
  * trinityc: having more heads doesn't solve issue
    * responsibility of head becomes diluted
    * if goal is more content, do that!
    * more heads doesnt fix issue
  * yehchan: more heads  = more arguments
    * heads cant come together to do stuff
    * decal starts demanding, less load at end
    * 2 heads will be fine
  * Bod disapproved
* Jaysa: merge internal & external?
  * aditya: yeah
    * external is internal with alums
    * similar functions

## Election Speeches

* SMs
* oliverni
  * you all know me
  * work on subdomain migrations, new k8s
* njha
  * no speech
* trinityc
  * will have to move bod time
  * poking committees so things will get done throughout semester
  * jeda: bridging disconnect between volstaff & opstaff?
    * more opstaff now attend BoD
    * more socials that welcome everybody
  * bryli:
    * many seniors are about to graduate
    * bigger emphasis on integrating ppl from committees/projects into BoDs/GMs
  * yehchan: why do we have poor staff retention
    * internal committee attempted projects board
    * more mentorship will be necessary next semester
* rjz
  * been here since the dawn of time
  * need to work on funding issue
    * sustainable funding for opstaff
  * work w/ SMs for state of infra
    * keycloak, other new k8s issues, significant outages
  * new desktops
  * solving staff retention issues
  * connecting to campus bearbuy system to simplify purchases
  * bryli: issue of documentation, esp w/ oldstaff graduating
    * a lot is technical, coordinate w/ SM & linux infra to expand documentation
  * jeda: bridging disconnect between opstaff & volstaff?
    * opstaff & volstaff shouldnt be treated as separate
    * opstaff should have larger role in operations & meetings
    * incorporate opstaff voices into decision making
  * kian: family system?
    * rjz: bring it back
    * bryli: we need more than committees & meetings, we need mentorship. family system provides that
  * kimcpape: GM role includes behind-the-scenes & representing OCF. how will you do both
    * feels confident he can serve in such a role
* ronitnath
  * org is doing well!
  * talk to alums, more tech talks, more engagement, more funding
    * show them new projects
  * internal x3, ficomm 2x, facilitated decal in '21
    * lots of work under different committees
  * dropping several prior commitments to dedicate time to OCF
  * will require moving BoD time, like trinity
  * use computer space to host better socials
  * recruiting priorities, find "gems in rough" throughout campus
  * ASUC experience, getting fee proposal on the ballot
  * bring back university & alum coms
    * put more projects out, show unique things we can do at OCF
    * host own jupyter instance
    * give reasons for alumni to fund us
  * wiitl avatar project
    * opstaff have skills we should utilize
  * bryli: collab with external comm
    * a lot of effort put into social facilitation
  * kimcpape: collaborative vision?
    * chose second person who you feel has a vision that matches mine!
  * yehchanyoo: not enough staff to run committees? how to address this issue
    * confident in increased general member recruitment
    * bring back subpositions in committees
  * bryli: issue with recruiting... intimidating for newcomers. how to alleviate that, make people stay?
    * most people are first concerned with social aspect, if they like the other people in the club.
    * bring back family system
    * halloween social was a hit! more of these
    * consistent events from beginning of the semester to increase retention, maintain momentum
* bryli
  * part of internal 2nd semester of OCF, joined in FA21
    * internal 2 semesters after that
  * small-scale concerns:
    * make this a community for people coming in, and people here now
    * some people feel they put more work in / more invested than others, but need everyone to feel invited to participate
    * socials will have schedule planned far in advance
    * talk to each committee 1x per month, get insight into monthly plans, keep them accountable
    * secure funding for lab & for opstaff!
  * Questions:
  * jeda: bridging opstaff & volstaff?
    * we are all students! some are just paid students!
    * but other than that, truly no difference
  * bryli: sidenote
    * \*Ms are the same as any other OCF member!
    * no one should be scared of or intimidated by \*Ms
  * kimcpape: how would you embody technical aspect of role alongside social?
    * will do best to talk to uni staff + SMs & committee heads
    * set up monthly check-ins w/ SMs & committee heads
* ethanhu
  * been here since FA22, head of several committees
  * reviving family system, bringing oldstaff & newstaff together to retain newstaff
  * interested in deputy idea
  * should be known to community as more than a place to print
  * use committees for systemic change
  * continuous funding, no more discretionary bailouts
    * whatever we can get!
    * returning funding to pre-covid levels
    * getting more alumni
  * being GM is a good way to learn things
  * Questions
  * jeda: bridging opstaff & volstaff
    * encourage opstaff to attend GMs
    * becoming just as knowledgable as staff, if not more so
    * bring them into technical stuff
  * yehchanyoo: staff stipend idea you had brought up?
    * go with amount brought up in FA22
    * just get started on it
  * kimcpape: bringing people together? how to embody both social & technical?
    * been on several committees
    * will bring himself up to date on technical projects
* External Head
* isabelle
  * more visiting alumni at where they're at now!
  * planning events more in advance
  * promote big give more, look more into alumni funding, merch
  * kimcpape: how do you feel role as opstaff supplements this?
    * done social media work & promotion in the past
  * ethanhu: tech talk speakers frequently ghost. how would you deal?
    * create list of professors on campus who could do tech talks
    * people we'd want to connect with
    * alumni list as well (bencuan, bill)
* aly
  * last bod, offered to run because list looked empty
  * willing to collaborate with either of the other candidates
  * kimcpape: past experiences or skills?
    * done outreach to alumni for other orgs like calico
    * outreach to local companies for coding competitions
    * successfully collaborated with these orgs
  * bryli: do you actually want to run for this position?
    * im not unwilling
    * yeah sure
* Decal heads
* dpark
  * experience in other parts of ocf
  * adding content
  * helped with other decal in the past
* jaysa
  * took the decal. it needs work
* kian
  * experience facilitating & working on infrastructure
  * putting FAQ on website
  * needs the units

## Voting & Results

* New SMs: oliverni & njha!!!
  * no deliberation
* New GMs: bryli & ronitnath!!!
  * had deliberation
* New ficomm head: ani
* New internal head: aditya
* New external head: isabelle
* New decal heads: jaysa & kian