Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adymchenko
anddone
andytsai
bplate
bryli
btorres
dapark
ethanhu
etw
jaysa
jedakrisnell
kian
lharriscal
ncograin
njha
oliverni
rjz
trinityc
yehchanyoo

Guests in attendance:
adi*
alanna*
jimfang*
kashun*
kimcpape*
lemurseven*
miyashi

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 14

Meeting Started at ??:??


Meeting Minutes:

* ethanhu

# Agenda

## RT Tickets

* jaysa: god bless you kian
* dapark: yes open kian facility fr

please remember to dedicate time to this

* HPC: RT#13250, RT#13228, RT#13199, RT#13197
* Account problems: RT#13227, RT#13223
* Apphosting: RT#13243
* Misc: RT #13267
* Some group account setup tickets
* Rolled over from last week:
  * Website down: RT#13217, RT#13204
	
	Account problems: RT#13212, RT#13192, RT#13227
	
	Apphosting: RT#13173

## GM 1 Review

* trinityc: please review these slides: [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10\_V1RoMHhbo3-VIjAO--Mhm7MM\_rkhbKHjJwqeJaLG0/edit?usp=sharing]
  * and please post/propose projects here: [https://github.com/orgs/ocf/projects/7]
  * ALL committees should post their ongoing projects on this board
	* RT ticket turnover too quick
  * gm/sms should also post their ongoing work on this board
  * njha notes
	* move more chairs up to the front, old staff go to the back, new staff go to the front, push down the monitors so people can see from elsewhere in the lab, move the whiteboard away -- generally make the space more social and move new staff up to the front
	* short and sweet, not too serious when you present the slides
  * go outside?
	* trinityc: decided against; step into hallway if gets crowded
  * njha: go up and talk to people, bryli: there might be 100, njha: never been a problem before, 1 staff can talk to like 4-5 new staff at once
  * \

## Administrative Affairs

jaysa:

* sign up for staff hours! [link]
  * put x:10 if you will arrive at berkeleytime
  * between classes when the lab is packed is best


  * sit near the staff desk. tell opstaff you exist
	* jedakrisnell: please tell opstaff you exist LMAO
	* whiteboard. we have it
* if you want keycard, ASK ONE OF THE \*MS!!
  * have an actual reason
  * don’t use the form without asking
	* it won’t work
  * dont you dare ask if you haven’t signed up for staff hours…
* alumni keycard removal?
* **report blank keycard lost**
  * If you need safe code, anddone can help (and maybe card is in the lab/server room but idk who would have used it)
* SWE++ agreed to use the lab Saturdays 10am-12pm instead of 8am-12pm
  * [https://rt.ocf.berkeley.edu/Ticket/Display.html?id=13178]
  * opstaff schedule not changed
  * approved
* shortening tuesday lab hours for decal 7-9pm
  * possibly extending another day if opstaff want
  * andy against letting people print during decal
  * njha: close the lab
  * don’t need opstaff
  * approved
* Mailroom key, no one has it
* OCF DNS migration updates:
  * Talked to Kellsie and Angela
  * Try out few records this week, add rest of records next week
  * oliverni: revisit external domain policy
  * kian: wordpress first, then custom webhosting, then apphosting
  * kian: do the redirects after a couple months
  * etw: the agreement was two semesters?, has to be a year so email contacts aren’t lost
  * oliverni: originally a couple years
* atdp meeting happened on Tuesday
  * dapark
	* wants the staff computer working or switch it with the working one so that they have 5 computers in a row
	* paid position available over summer for teaching, ask the GMs
	  * interest list: ethanhu, 
	* *letter opening*
	* github issue - works on github desktop but not on vscode
	* sometimes had issue with computers not starting and software being weird but mostly fine
	* Any staff volunteer who wants to help out in summer?
	* Possible Ideas - sponsoring decals or hackathons
	  * Aren’t allowed to pay us, CASSA - want to give back
	  * Delegate to internal or SMs
	* next one is in early October for sorting out the agreements. need any changes other than dates?
* lab keyboard cleaning event next weekend? perhaps?
  * [https://github.com/ocf/projects/issues/72]
* can i throw out the expired lactaid and allergy meds
  * can i also throw out all the old coffee that doesnt have an expiration date
  * do it
  * andytsai: it’s still effective after expiration
	* anddone: We can get more for opstaff if requested
* TV (tornado): Ethernet jack in wall broken??
  * switch on buysheet for temp fix
  * Do we fix this or does building fix this (Jk its in wall so building?)
  * rjz: we have an ethernet cable tester and I might have unplugged it on the other end
  * etw: no hanging cables, troubleshoot harder?
  * ToR patch panel labeling???
  * etw: something between the jack and the server room isn’t working

## Opstaff Updates

* Happy first week back at the lab
* Training!
  * Everyone was able to attend, went successfully
  * Finalized schedule
	
	 (img)
	* Thank you to the GMs/whoever will be working that M/F 11am-12pm
	  * Opstaff either has classes or lab
  * Saturday will be filled out on a monthly(?) basis
* [Volunteer Staff recommended projects]
  * Planning to start weekly Opstaff meetings during Week 3 of the lab being open
  * Fill out the doc if you have any Opstaff-related project suggestions
	* Sticker designs, new postage, remodeling the lab, social media, anything
	* Collab with socials?
* Slack
  * Created a private channel
  * Not meant to take over the open Opstaff channel!
  * Just Opstaff, GMs, and Kian LMAO
	* add others pls
	* rjz: plz add SMs
	* plz add everyone else
  * If you want to be added, let me or GMs know so we can add y’all 
* Lab has been holding up LMAO
  * Some monitors won’t turn on or other log-in issues
	* some desktops updated to bookworm, need to be reverted :sob:
  * Printers had a few jams earlier today (career fair L)
  * Toners are wild
  * pagefault fuser died
  * etw: paper sticks to fuser often
  * anddone: should/can we request new printers?
  * rjz: new contracts: only per-page cost for printer support (3cent/page)
  * fix printlist pls!
* Supplies
  * Stapler graveyard F
	* andytsai: googly eyes
  * Scissors are good (I think)
	* andytsai: we got shearing scissors, extra sharp
  * \~\~Staplers, paper clips, and desktop tape (not packing tape) needed\~\~ already saw on buysheet ty!
* Introduce yourself to new Opstaff if you see they’re on shift :)

## Amendment

ethanhu: I propose an amendment to section 5.3.1 of the OCF Constitution to read:

> The election of officers shall be by secret ballot. Each ballot shall be a single candidate preference. A simple majority of those casting votes (including abstaining votes) is required to win the first round. Write-in votes shall be counted during this round. If on the first ballot no candidate receives a simple majority, then there will be a runoff between the top two tickets. Alternatively, another voting method may be chosen with the approval of at least two-thirds of the members of the board

punt to next BoD

## Internal Comm

## External Comm

* Figure out meeting schedule w/ current staffers, work with new staffers and see availability + introduce things we do/projects of interest
* See if we can get more talks planned this semester (industry/interesting tech type things) \[Hopefully not LTT labs moment\]

## Finance Comm

* Sample budget for the year: (Screenshot from

[docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p5Y8XTtso1eh9Dp-SIqmBIczmH-mevZtr9moZLKjFNk/edit#gid=0])

* Is such a budget helpful for internal use?
* Possible changes to buysheet process or leave as is? 


  (img)

## Decal Comm

## [Buy sheet]

* add new items to buy sheet at [ocf.io/buy]
* if you can find a superior alternative to an item on buysheet. add it to buysheet and we brawl
  * decide alternative by playing brawl?



Meeting Adjourned at 21:35

