# September 27

Directors in attendance:

* jaysa
* dapark
* tabi
* bryli
* kian
* ethanhu
* bplate
* lemurseven
* trinityc
* etw
* andytsai
* yehchanyoo
* jedakrisnell
* miyashi
* btorres
* anddone
* ronitnath
* anirudhsuresh
* kashun
* njha


Guests in attendance:

* thompsonngo
* billqmao
* teegooglycoffeemeat

Meeting Minutes:

* jaysa, dapark


# Agenda

## RT Tickets

use ocf.io/rt/\[0-9\]\* to easily access specific ticket numbers!

### __Root required:__

* \

### __Open to all:__

* \


## Opstaff Updates

* Pay Period 2
  * TechFee PR got approved
    * $449.93 left in TechFee
  * $2582.50 in total 
    * $328.75 from TechFee
    * Rest from CACCSF
  * I'm rounding up to the quarter, so it's not exactly $18.25/hr for OAs
    * More like $18.26
    * Is this okay?
* Snacks
  * Going to be buying snacks soon!
  * Opstaff recs: Caprisun, coffee and tea (green, English breakfast), Annie's fruit snacks, yogurt-covered pretzels, hot chips, Nature's Bakery fig bars, cookie/cracker variety pack
  * Staff recs: 
* Projects
  * Signage and fliers, social media (reddit, instagram, mastodon?, facebook?), original compositions (music), wallpaper redesign, cleaning up around the lab
  * Suggestion: We need to renovate the OCF! Some of us have a dislike for the orange flowers around the lab LMAO
* [Meeting notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1idZDP9nVW4NZIEo5xO5kRwYU-lVOwMUIscARY0XfVHY/edit#heading=h.hr3234vxesiu)
* please clean the middle section's chairs when you're done with BoD :')

## Subdomain Migration

* all backlog is done now! transition record
* Oliver started working on wordpress migration

## Administrative Affairs

* jaysa: toner that was ordered at last BoD came. picked up and put in supply room. now we have a lot of toners!
  * njha needs to get framework lol
  * framework is gone??? someone else signed it. F. Corina?
  * bryli: file a police report? usps offers package insurance? 
  * njha: but it was signed for â€¦ :(
  * rjz: tracking number?
  * bryli: contact fedex asap and send in a police report to UCPD or berkeley.
  * who has the information about the package? njha
  * njha or rjz will send a report
* jaysa: Our program advisor is back baby!
  * reminded her about keycard access
  * also asked about where ABSA remainder went
  * no response yet on ASUC not accepting requeasfinance agent. will let you know when there's a response!
* jaysa, yehchanyoo: Can we try to avoid doing committee meetings in-person, via ocf.io/meet, or via Discord/Slack voice chat *outside of regularly scheduled weekly meetings without several hours of notice in advance?*
  * Been seeing this with committee meetings lately
  * Breaks work-life balance; forces everyone to be always on alert
  * Leaves out of the decision-making process those who are not able to make it and did not have the opportunity to recalibrate their schedules
  * Quick text-based chat messages, Github updates, etc. should be fine; unplanned socials (e.g. board games) should be fine too; emergency meetings should be fine if everyone is notified several hours in advance (preferably around 12 hours)
  * irregular committee meetings. some people getting left behind in person/on discord.
    * opinions not getting inputted for those not always on alert
    * no enforcement but discouraging voicechat/online meetings outside or regular meetings
    * stick to regular committee meetings so people know what to expect
    * will send out notices in advance
  * njha: a lot of stuff gets done in in-promptu meetings
  * bryli: not a lot of stuff gets done in regular meetings, and advanced notice is not always practical
  * dapark: maybe try to take detailed meetings in Slack/Discord/OCF Notes; spontaneous meetings are sometimes needed for productive work
  * jaysa: maybe bring back having 1 committee head per committee
    * dapark: agreed; it is difficult to have time availability for three people
    * bryli: maybe 2?
    * ethanhu: only should ban heads heading multiple committees, keep 3 heads
  * njha: should remember that final decision lies on BoD, not on committees. Committees are also new, but we have too many committees right now. Maybe we could get rid of committees?
    * trinityc: Committees give people a sense that they are responsible for something! Having only one committee head would lead to only that head doing anything for the committee. (As soon as people get busy, no or less work gets done)
    * bryli: BoD can't make every single decision
    * dapark: committee heads should not be the ones doing all the work -- heads lead committees with members, not do everything in OCF. Also, having three committee heads can lead people to push work to each other
  * ethanhu: Maybe restrict officers from having only one committee head

## Retreat Updates

[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hd4W3uy9VFdQxkeQTSBnkvtq10rElhfvAGdDHk97GAQ/edit?resourcekey#gid=942552767](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hd4W3uy9VFdQxkeQTSBnkvtq10rElhfvAGdDHk97GAQ/edit?resourcekey#gid=942552767)

* bryli: List of unknown people above

  going to be most likely using a referral/vouch system to figure out which "new staff" can come
  * trinityc: **Will need two old staff to vouch for you if you are a new staff!**
    * does anyone recognize these names? please vouch if you do
      * will most likely have to email them to tell them they cannot come due to space and funding limitations, and because retreat is meant to be a "gift" for staff who have worked at the OCF
      * also, retreat stuff will most likely come before internal comm updates because they shouldn't be discussed during GM
      * jtchan (Jasmine Chan, external comm) planning to fill the form though is not 100% sure yet if they can go

        \
* yehchanyoo: Retreat confirmed to be at Yosemite National Park from November 10 to November 12 (Location will not change unless unexpected circumstances arise; date is even less likely to change)
  * Retreat home at Oakhurst, CA ([link](https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/931142358014286644?adults=16&location=Yosemite%20National%20Park%2C%20California%2C%20United%20States&check_in=2023-11-10&check_out=2023-11-12&source_impression_id=p3_1695525263_uHiHF1sDhvDgnswE&previous_page_section_name=1001&guests=16))
  * Will likely be sticking to those who filled out our interest forms AND have OCF staff vouching for them (probably 30 people max)
  * Now we have a fairly finalized itinerary and budget (<https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1l8IaMO4DlSNTtJzMRV8B3mGblcmZhlVfUXgoR2pqkFc/edit#gid=1192210156>)!
    * yehchanyoo: Wanted to check in with oliverni -- still unable to make a purchase request?
      * rjz: I invited oliverni to ocf callink again
    * yehchanyoo: **I do want to ask -- how much misc fund are we comfortable with spending? How much should we charge the members per person?** Wanted a more general BoD conversation on this. 
      * trinityc: \~30 people, $30-40/person is my goal. $2500 for misc fund seems reasonable.
      * yehchanyoo: Max misc fund we can spend is $2500 (\~half of our current misc fund), but personally want to spend less than this to give future semester leadership *choice* in holding retreats in future semesters (esp. with unpredictable income stream for misc fund)
      * bryli: maybe bring this down to $1500-$2000? subsidize half the retreat cost?
      * njha: We also do not have a lot of misc fund anymore
      * dapark: can increase cost to \~$50/person
      * ronitnath: back in my day we had more in misc funds but I didn't build the donations back up
    * dapark: will close the form today
  * Thanks to all who have contributed to the retreat planning over the last few weeks (esp. Internal Comm, FiComm, SMs, and GMs) -- let's see how it goes over the next few weeks!
* trinityc: oliverni purchased the airbnb, pre-approved onto buysheet


## Project Updates

* bplate: Web updates
  * First meeting last week (went well!), GitHub issues created for ocfstatic and api
  * This week will go over developing locally and on supernova
  * For OCF staff:
    * Create issues on ocfstatic and api if you want us to work on something
    * There is [a discussion](https://github.com/ocf/api/issues/46) about making an "OCF announcements API" for the website and other OCF services in general; please leave thoughts if you have opinions about this
      * etw: for context, status.ocf.io is for services' status and is hosted offsite so if everything is on fire the status blog is still working (it's google blogspot) - intended for users of services (e.g. announcing service outages, incidents, etc. - budget statuspage.io)


## OCF Structure/GM Ideas

* dapark: Should GMs be internal's responsibility?
* Just an idea
  * What if decal heads or SMs lead it?
  * Currently the focus of GMs is staff training and was thinking people who want to lead technical staff training can do it.
  * And we currently advertise internal committee as a committee that doesn't need any technical knowledge or skills.
  * The current way of internals leading GM is fine if capable or can organize or assign people to lead it. :)
* dapark: future OCF idea, not having 3 committee heads. Max 2 heads.
  * 3 is too many. hard to communicate, hard to schedule meetings and make decisions. 1 committee head is enough, max 2 for committees with heavy work for that particular semester. (ex. Fall is recruiting heavy so internal can have 2.)
  * we have like \~25 people I don't think that we need 16 people to lead the team.
  * Shouldn't have overlapping people for committee heads. Too busy to eventually do enough work for two committees as a head.

    \
* lemurseven: prioritize hack time at GM :^)

## Internal Committee

* \

## External Committee

* Agenda
  * Event planning ideas asides from talks
  * Alumni contacting plan
  * Finding guest speakers (Alumni, lecturers/professors, tech/research, etc.)\n

## Finance Committee

* Had our first regular committee meeting last Thursday! ðŸ¥³
* yehchanyoo: will be diving into how we will schedule the committee work throughout the semester (see ocf.io/projects for what the committee will be working on this semester)

## Decal Committee

* trinityc:
  * owent and zoey led lecture
    * started zoom late
    * zoey will record for first missed 15 minutes
  * extension requests approved

## Buysheet

add things to buysheet: ocf.io/buy

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)