Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
amangalampalli
andytsai
bplate
bryli
dapark
ethanhu
etw
jaysa
kian
ncograin
njha
rjz
trinityc

Guests in attendance:
adymchenko*
ericyang*
jedakrisnell*
jyxzhang*
lharriscal*
ronitnath*
yechanyoo*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 12

Meeting Started at ??:??


## Bod Note-taking

* trinityc\n

# Agenda

## Notable RT Tickets

[https://discord.com/channels/735620315111096391/735624292179640331/1141107091294138429]

Website down: RT#13217, RT#13204

Account problems: RT#13212, RT#13192, RT#13227

Apphosting: RT#13173

* dapark: who is doing rt tickets??
* \

## Calapalooza

* jaysa:
  * We have a spot! Check-in is 1-2 PM
  * [Sign up sheet], Thursday 2-6 PM
	* **SIGN UP NOW!!**
	  * includes checklist for those doing set-up
	  * if you’ll be there at berkeleytime, put that on the sign-up sheet! or send a warning in chat
  * OASIS Center (formerly LEAD Center) will provide table
  * Luke has brought penguin suits (small & medium)
	* they will be in storage room tomorrow for true OCF patriots  (sorry I didnt get a large)
* dapark:
  * canopy is also ordered should be picked up from the building mailroom
  * not delivered yet? 8/21 delivery attempted but wasn’t delivered.
* Lab hours updated

## BOD + GM Times for Semester

* dapark:
  * Keep it Wed 7-8pm BoD and 8-9pm GM? Is the GM time too late?
  * Decal on Tues 7-9pm
  * Voted yes to keep
	* If not much newstaff come, then consider change time to earlier?

## Keycard Access

* dapark:
  * GM, SM, Committee heads should be given access chill
	* current access list is [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12kwr-CdhHpV1VzznSNfGx0FaOA8T3YUH0c8jqwftBRs/edit#gid=0]
	  * a lot of previous staff still have access
	* non-committeee heads probably shouldnt need access
  * keyboards and other items getting stolen from the lab so security issues are of concern
	* justin: overall, limiting access will probably not affect theft
  * security camera?
	* bad
	* literally 1984 <<<<
	* fake security camera??

## Server Room AC Issue

* dapark:
  * Have contacted MLK facility managers many times. AC still hasn’t been fixed yet.
  * Need to notify the opstaff to instruct people not to close the server room doors.
* jaysa:
  * director of facilities came in 10 AM Tuesday to look at what might’ve broken
	* he said he would be pressuring HVAC people very soon
* rjz:
  * supposedly fixed today, ac is working
  * compressor was not working
* its all good nowww :+1:

## Opstaff Updates

* jaysa: Opstaff training, this Saturday 2-4 PM
  * CACSSF account in finance tab of Callink should be available Wed or Thu
	* if not, ASUC CFO said we can pull from tech fee (since that will expire anyway), any deficit will be covered with CACSSF later
	* jeda: first purchase request wont be until another two weeks
* jedakrisnell: More Opstaff updates
  * Training this Sat 2-4pm, all but one(?) Opstaff will be able to attend
	* One hasn’t accepted on bCal
	  * Will reach out to train them if they don’t show up
	* Feel free to stop by to introduce yourself LMAO
	  * :D :wave:
  * Schedule is still TBD
	* I’m going to work on finalizing it starting tomorrow, but there may be some complications with opening shifts
	* Plan to have it done by Friday
  * Keycard access *should* be good for new Opstaff
	* Andy was able to access the lab and storage room this afternoon
  * Still set on opening Monday 8/28!
  * Inventory check? How are we doing with toners and paper?
	* we’ll get back to you…
	  * assume no new toners
	* might switch out one of the toners for an empty one and back again
	* \

## Discord Role Organization

* dapark:
  * Should update tags to just include the current offices to reduce confusion.
  * Should be organized possibly based on the candidate system?
	* njha: nah this is too much effort can we just not use discord roles (or someone write a thing to sync this with actual OCF systems)

	  \
	*  (img)

## Implementing Candidate System

* dapark:
  * Possible implementation of candidate → staff system so that candidates can become staff after satisfying some requirements. Ex) Attend 3 GMS, 2 socials, 1 workshop
	* What if no one ends up satisfying the requirements? - yehchanyoo
	  * These can just be guidelines, enforced at the leadership’s discretion - njha
	* trinityc: how keep track of attendance?
	  * honor system?
	* anna: workshops are so sporadic
	* dapark: way to participate more: RT tickets, website, whatnot
	* ethanhu, aditya: seems too/more restrictive
	* anna: more walkthroughs, working on actual ocf work rather than handheld guides so that newstaff can take over workye
* \

## Ideas for GM

* dapark:
  * Having more structured social after GM
	* Matching newstaff and staff. Doing socials after GM that involves more new staff getting to know the old staff more.
	* njha: show all the pathways at ocf, break into small groups,
	  * in gms, old staff all sit in the front and the newstaff just leave after main meeting is over
	  * “literally just talk to people its not that hard”
	  * FIVE NEW NAMES
		* requirement on oldstaff to socialize with the newstaff, not the other way around lol
  * Have workshops during GM
	* GM1: Intro to OCF, going over all the committees, after GM staff meets (put people in random groups with staff. Staff collects username and add them to the OCF candidate group.)
	  * njha: Make the intro slides shorter too, I feel like the first staff meeting presentation has been growing by a few slides every semester… it’s too long
	  * trinityc: agreed, instead of going over every committee we should turn off tv and just have people talk to eachother
	  * bryli/yehchanyoo: Make slides shorter, but maybe keep the slides and make the meeting focused on smaller submeetings for people to get to better know what each committee does
	* GM2: Committees spotlight

## Event Calendar

* dapark:
  * Having an OCF-wide event calendar that staff can add
* here we go, [https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=b2NmLmJlcmtlbGV5LmVkdV9iY2wycHVwbHQ2dDllOWU5bmptZTZqcWNhOEBncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t]
* but i think currently only available to folks with google apps accounts? maybe we can find a better solution if other people want to do it

## Subdomain Statement/Taking Banner Down

* dapark:
  * Patrick asked us to take the banner down. Any opinions?
	* [https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/announcements/2023-03-01/subdomains]
	  * ncograin: STRONGLY AGAINST; our website our content, moreover it’s not right for them to try to suppress information about what they themselves have done
		* see SPM notes
  * Taking OCF’s name off of their statement
	* while maintaining a good relationship with them…
	  * Patrick the op
	  * all comms go to Patrick so…
	* Trade: they take our name off, we take down the banner
	  * ncograin: we should modify the banner since its outdated
		* but Patrick won’t take our name off
	  * FAQ page for the transition?
		* *the art of negotiation*

## New OCF subnet, additional ports

* rjz:
  * I submitted a request for another /24 for DeCal VMs, approved
	* 128.32.128.0/24
	* thank you!!
  * However telecom says the port we are using is bound to the current 169.229.226.0/24 VLAN, so need another drop to use the new subnet
  * I also submitted a request to evaluate 10G @ OCF, telecom gave me 2 options (1) Cat6a, involves installing a new switch at the telecom room (??) and costs $13,000
  * (2) \n> Install single-mode fiber cable from room 171B to the nearest TR (not cheap). Then connect your Arista switch to our existing 10-G switch, with 10G optical transceivers over this single-mode fiber. While this is standard network topology for connecting user-installed switch, I will have to run this by my peers to make sure it's OK.

  \
  * Can probably request more 1Gbps ports at a reasonable cost though.

## SWE++ Partnership

* kian:
* RT#13178 -ethanhu
* introduces middle school students to computer science
  * for a good cause!!
* asked to use lab on saturdays again for this semester
* SWE wants to use lab on saturdays from ??am - 12pm
  * jeda:  we close lab to public for 10am-12pm, very chill not much issue
  * normal saturday hours are 10am-6pm
* tentative program dates: 9/16, 9/23, 9/30, 10/7, 10/14, 10/21, 10/28, 11/4, 11/11, and 11/18
* 20 students
* Opstaff still coming in to work - helped last sem
* At least one volunteer staff in case of troubleshooting that Opstaff can’t handle

Verdict: verify hours, probably say yes

## Internal Comm

Long-term social plans:

* [https://recwell.berkeley.edu/wellness-offerings/recwell-adventures/custom-trips-events/]\nKayaking ($50/person half day $50/person full day) and/or Ropes Course (35 half day 69)
  * Recwell also has backadventure planning with a retreat plan in mind
  * Once we decide what we want, fill this form: [https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/caladvcustom]
	* internal & finance committee should discuss, subsidize cost


* Retreat to Yosemite?
  * Plan **now**, but do it later in the semester to allow cheap prices (October/November? -- aim for three-day weekend between November 10 and November 12)
	* **EVERYONE MARK THIS ON YOUR CALENDAR!!!**
	* [https://lead.berkeley.edu/student-orgs/manage-your-org/plan-events-for-your-org/high-risk-events/]????
	* Drivers, airbnb
	  * drivers get mattresses and everyone else sleeps on the floor :)))))
* Minutes/progress updates for all volunter projects?
* What are our projects currently? (HPC, web, k8s/general linux infra?)
  * Everything but ddr is still relevant, just copy it over
  * ronit: i am web and the senate
  * no one working on hpc?
  * bryli: want people to do project updates
  * yehchanyoo: would like to have (at least rough) deadlines
  * jaysa: our documentation is spread out everywhere.. one project could be to consolidate docs!
  * bplate: new website backend\n
* Should we find project leads?
* Update your staff intros! [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10\_V1RoMHhbo3-VIjAO--Mhm7MM\_rkhbKHjJwqeJaLG0/edit]
  * njha: no! we decided to not do this. please cut the staff intro slides! 10 minutes straight of introductions is so boring for the new staff
  * trinityc: i’d like to maybe at least have a page that people can visit, or do the slides and share it with them so they can see later but not present it during gm
	* njha: that’s a good idea, maybe we can just make an outline page or something

## External Comm

* \

## Finance Comm

* \

## Decal Comm

* Going well! Met with facilitators, DeCal is ready for Week 0 infosession (all communications sent out)
  * Join the decal guys!!
* kian tested terraform on implosion
  * [https://github.com/0xcf/decal-automation/tree/kian/libvirt-vms]
* IPv6 only? *might* need second interface for new subnet VLAN
  * kian: but iz ok bc campus vpn allows connectivity

## Buy Sheet

* add items you love and care about to ocf.io/buysheet
* look at recent callink PRs



Meeting Adjourned at ??:??
