Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adi
anddone
andytsai
bplate
bryli
dapark
ethanhu
etw
jaysa
jedakrisnell
kashun
kian
lharriscal
njha
oliverni
rjz
ronitnath
trinityc
yehchanyoo

Guests in attendance:
anirudhsuresh*
billqmao*
drestiny*
inurzhanov*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 15

Meeting Started at ??:??

Minutes:

* trinityc
* oliverni

# Agenda

* printlist screen (fixed)?
  * ethernet cable disappeared, has been replaced now
  * none of the usb ports work on the raspberry pi
  * etw: works now apparently (but not recent???
* 3rd printer (pagefault) has been fixed!
  * with emergency buy of fuser
  * logjam jams A LOT (usually with non-force rasterized pages), but we fix it. if anyone would like to learn how to fix logjam, ask jaysa/kian/rjz/etw
	* papercut was jamming too
	  * pushed on the sides of the fuser a little harder and it got fixed
* Ethernet port by TV
  * Lauren will ask
  * switch (temporary solution) not ordered yet (oliverni is buying now)
  * on the UCB telecom portal it’s only showing 1 active port for the entirety of 171\*
	* might be because there’s supposed to be a port active but it’s not :upside\_down\_face: (pure speculation from etw)
	* since a long time ago, when tornado was working
  *  (img)
  * good to know thank you jay-z - ill update docs to make them less vague

## Important RT Tickets

* Wordpress: [RT#13276], [RT#13294]
* HPC: [RT#13290]
* For the GMs: [\~\~RT#13291\~\~] [RT#13292]
  * Hass professor wants their entire class to come to the lab if eduroam drops out
	* lmao what
	* tell bIT to get their stuff together
  * Haas professor wants their entire class to be given HPC
  * tell them to spend their dept $$
  * ==Answer is NO!!==
* dapark (& maybe more people) needs to be given root

Roll over :roller\_skate: Beethoven:

* Account problems: [RT#13227], [RT#13192], [RT#13227]
* Misc: [RT#13267]
* Some group account setup tickets
* Website down: [RT#13217]
* Apphosting: [RT#13173]

## O p s t a f f  U p d a t e s

bad 

* Happy National Coffee Ice Cream Day
* Weekly meetings on Fridays from 3-3:30pm
  * Starting this week, giving out projects next week
  * If you haven’t met all of Opstaff and want to, this is the perfect time
* Double Opstaff shifts?
  * Just for busy days
  * Based on honor system? (not scheduled)
  * Finance okay with this?
	* Was budgeted for 11 hours / opstaff
	* Idea: flexible shift of \~==2-4 hrs/wk== that can be for whenever
	* dapark: might only need double shifts for now bc career fairs are only this time of year
	* yehchanyoo: need to quantify how much more money we will need
  * dapark: maybe limit the # of people who can be in this room (opstaff discretionary)
	* if you feel like it is too much you can meter the people coming in
	* feel free to use “safety” as an excuse LOL
	* we should ask SUFMO about what’s the max occupancy of 171 is - rjz
  * **yehchanyoo, adi, andytsai: Should meet up during the weekend to flesh out the details and establish a procedure to deal with unexpected increase in demand**
	* yehchanyoo: have all ficomm heads + opstaff meet up for budgetary/hours negotiation/discussion
	* andytsai: should consider having a limited bank of flexible overtime hours that can be used at any time, especially during times of unexpectedly high demand
	  * weekend meeting will be proposed during the weekly OpStaff meeting this Friday
* First pay period ends on Sunday
  * What account are we taking from?
	* first CACSSF → CASA
	* we’ll try to make sure CACSSF is available
	* CASA is emergency fund that doesn’t expire
	* STF doesn’t expire
  * Are the new hires already on CalLink?
	* will do
* The lab is slowly collapsing upon itself LMAO
  * Printers jammin
	* hopefully fixed?
  * (insert whatever is wrong with the website for that day)
  * Monitors not turning on
  * Staff computer being scuffed
	* jaysa: thats my bad for not returning the HDMI cable lol
  * Hope the lab gets well
* Opstaff Private Slack Channel: put your user if you want an in
* Thank you to all of the staff who have been helping out Opstaff/around the lab <3
* [Opstaff Proj Recs]
  * silly goofy ideas go at the bottom after the actual ideas
* [Stapler Leaderboard]
  * Not important whatsoever but an ongoing inside joke
  * (will probably die out like the whiteboard in the front LMAO)
* ==Opstaff/volunteer staff social -inurzhanov==
  * also ocf retreat
  * come to internal meeting to plan for retreat, 8-9 PM tmrw
* volunteer fair dates
  * 9/7 this thursday eecs
  * 9/11 next monday 61a midterm
  * 9/12 next tuesday 9/13 wed 9/14 thurs career fair

## Amendment

ethanhu: I propose an amendment to section 5.3.1 of the OCF Constitution to read:

> The election of officers shall be by secret ballot. Each ballot shall be a single candidate preference. A simple majority of those casting votes (including abstaining votes) is required to win the first round. Write-in votes shall be counted during this round. If on the first ballot no candidate receives a simple majority, then there will be a runoff between the top two tickets. Alternatively, another voting method may be chosen with the approval of at least two-thirds of the members of the board

* bryli: write in votes are unorganized and/or unnecessary
* njha: doesn’t like the last sentence
* tabled for later, elections are not any time soon

## Buysheet

* we should invest in a better mic, the current mic is terrible
* Add items here: [https://ocf.io/buy]
* Buysheet: [https://ocf.io/buysheet]
* STOP LEAVING THINGS AT THE FRONT OF THE LAB BECAUSE IT DISAPPEARS


# Committee Updates during GM

## Internal Comm

* GM plan:

  
  1. Committee updates
  2. njha’s presentation on current OCF projects
  3. Committee/project applications
  4. Staff training 1
5. What times are people available to host Linux Infra/Web/committee group meetings? (and who would be good)

  
  1. **Would like to announce ASAP,** please please please try to come up with a couple times that veterans/committee heads can attend in the coming week
  2. Will be collecting emails about possible meeting times using interest form responses
  3. Each committee/interest group should organize these themselves - internal is primarily involved with GM/socials/general staff announcements
4. Will be talking about stuff on the projects board during today’s GM (https://ocf.io/projects) to give an idea of what exactly groups like “linux infra” do
  5. If there’s anything else we’re doing right now would be good to add it now
6. Socials:
  7. CalAdventures: Ropes course full until Nov 6
  8. Might do a hike Sept 23
  9. Still in process of planning retreat

## External Comm

* Meetings will be staff hours-like

## Finance Comm

* URGENT: Need to discuss instituting a system of additional pay for staff hours in times of unexpectedly high demand
  *  May meet up this weekend with OpStaff
* Will get started with meetings after this week
* Need to create a budget for the exact number of non-committed funds
* Discussion about new ideas for the lab that need money
  * Need to have a breakdown of the budget for funding apps
  * What ideas do we want to implement that cost money?
	* What new hardware/services do we need to purchase?

## Decal Comm

* Had Lecture 1 yesterday 9/5 !!
  * went well, good attendance, \~70 in person? full lab
	*  (img)
* resolving CE student enrollment
* Facilitator units
* released Lab1 and vitamin assignment 1, lecture recording



Meeting Adjourned at 21:38

