# October 11

Directors in attendance:

* jaysa
* bryli
* tabi
* dpark
* ncograin
* jedakrisnell
* adi
* ethanhu
* ronitnath
* yehchanyoo
* kian
* rjz
* oliverni
* adymchenko
* anddone
* jyxzhang
* etw
* trinityc
* njha


Guests in attendance:

* billqmao


Meeting Minutes:

* GMs


Next Meeting:

* \

# Agenda

## RT Tickets

use ocf.io/rt/\[0-9\]\* to easily access specific ticket numbers!

### __Root required:__

* ~~For GMs: RT#13377, RT#13400~~
  * dapark looked at
* For all \*Ms: RT#13378
* Website help: RT#13398, RT#13397, RT#13394
* Apphosting: RT#13382
* Wordpress: RT#13392

### __Open to all:__

* GPUs: RT#13388
  * no :angry:


* be careful when responding to rt tickets via gmail your reply could disappear

## Opstaff Updates

* Snacks have arrived! In the storage room
  * PR reimbursement soon
* [Mid-Semester Feedback Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdWUJYyDeGL-2j9JwP2nDe9QrzdVYtMv_0NNLmZyO4Z4BmwFg/viewform) is up
  * \[action item\] Mostly for Opstaff, but BoD/Staff can submit one too :)
  * Will talk about results next week'
* Opstaff Check-Ins
  * Has been good so far
  * Will finish them up on Friday
  * If concerns do come up, I will talk to GMs first 
* Pay Period 3 complete: $2597.50
* Projects: [Fliers](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gIM6iUGWmjfK6R8yIYrpDGC5Rn1TtlvC/view?usp=drive_link) are being made, Instagram posts are coming back up, bake sale is in the works, and the "Show ID" sign is in the process
* Pagefault?!
  * etw: printing striped. still doing this after rebooting. could back in rotation
  * could debug or buy another one. 
    * etw: this time it's a printer problem
    * tray 3 has a roller problem
    * reaching out to our advisor/filing a ticket. someone who can come and look at the printer.

## Administrative Affairs

* jaysa: move committee/proj updates back to BoD, not GM
  *  yes

__Retreat__

* yehchanyoo: adi suggested a new and cheaper retreat shelter, as he went on retreat for our current retreat shelter and was unhappy with the state of the shelter
  * Suggested shelter: <https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/994926534866249699?adults=16&check_in=2023-11-10&check_out=2023-11-12&source_impression_id=p3_1696724255_K/2uPiP3xnhKIdJf&previous_page_section_name=1000&federated_search_id=ef540c94-41ba-4e36-a174-b64cb70d3223>
  * Some controversy -- while some of us agreed on changing the shelter or were okay with changing the shelter, there was opposition against the new shelter, citing a very small difference in cost and the additional transactions we may need to undertake
  * Thoughts?
    * trinityc: i think it might be worth it to switch, given the feedback from aditya who went to the same airbnb we currently have booked. i want our first retreat to be at a nice place and be well worth it!
    * rjz: indifferent
    * bryli: after first 48 hours, no more 100% refund
      * everything else is great!
* yehchanyoo: Estimated retreat fee per person: $70 max
  * Food cost calculations finalized
* Will require $1700-$1800 of misc fund overall
  * most people agreed it's OK to spend this much
  * we tried to decrease cost to $50 per person, which wouldve been nice for *us*
    * but not for misc funds…
    * trinityc: wanted to drive costs down, but realistic unsubsidized cost of everything would be $100+
    * bryli: we have 31 yeses, 3 maybes. cap at 36?
      * depending on car space
      * parking fee: $40 per car for entire weekend
      * gas: $80 per car
    * we're getting 4 meals and housing?? reasonable
* bryli: we need committments for cars
  * making physical waivers for people to sign, printing 20-30 right now
    * ronit: docusign instead? uni recommendations on waiver site probably aren't updated
    * opstaff will need them as well
    * sheet recording whether they've paid, and submitted waiver
  * venmo trinity
    * will go to finance office and deposit check
  * cars are on spreadsheet
    * bencuan gone :'(
    * ronit, lharriscal

## Project Updates

* jaysa: desktop wallpaper has been changed!

### **Subdomain Migration**

* kian: comms shipped to patrick and co
  * waiting on dns records for sites before we can proceed on our end
    * they're sending email next week
    * but no dns records from kellsie yet
      * patrick said Wait
    * kian will tell them to maybe push deadline back
  * created a google form for groups who want to migrate early before the deadline
  * need to figure out how to add a site alias without it redirecting
  * will probably ask them to push back migration deadline since now it'll be less than two months
    * lots of people probably forgot their credentials and will need to reset
    * or learn how to html
  * also someone from bIT reached out to schedule a meeting about spf/dmarc/dkim for studentorg domains
    * want to make sure our emails are secure..?

### **Linux Infra**

* oliverni: meeting went well! 2 very engaged people came
  * 1 person reached out and said they couldn't attend, but they were reached out to

### **Web**

* bryli: went this Friday
  * react hooks, other react stuff. good slide deck!
  * not many people are coming…
  * 3 people online

## Internal Committee

* see retreat above
* opstaff and internal planning a Halloween event
  * will decide on movie. very contentious issue
  * Saturday, week of Halloween!
    * bryli: we close at 6 on saturdays, so we can do 6-9

## External Committee

* ethanhu: successfully slack blasted 10 people
  * andylo will be there B)
* drafting email to blast Ulab. first draft ready
* etw and bryli: alums dont use slack!!
  * maybe try ALL THE EMAIL LISTS

## Finance Committee

* Currently working on misc fund budget at the moment; hopefully will be done by end of next week
  * finalizing retreat, and midterms have people busy
* Will be discussing opstaff bake sale as well (may need to ask ASUC for permission)
  * may need to talk to ASUC b/c there's food involved

## Decal Committee

* bplate and aaron  gave week 6 lecture
* respond to NVIDIA academic grant?
* trinityc: I do not have context on this
* ![](attachments/f0508563-ba0b-4a73-9e2c-7dbd255cfcb4.png)


* kian: when we applied for GPU grants, we agreed to teach about NVIDIA
  * we had a plan
* etw: tony wrote the Grant at least 1 year ago, I was SM at the time
  * we did not have a plan
* bryli: we have people using NVIDIA GPUs for HPC
* trinityc: it'd be nice if we had a copy of the original grant!
  * darlnim: who do we reach out to?
    * kian: tony, ~~rjz~~
* everything else going smoothly!


## Buysheet

add things to buysheet: ocf.io/buy

[ocf.io/buysheet](https://ocf.io/buysheet)