Attendance:
Mike
Han
Wilson
Sherry
Alan
simplyhd
Genevieve*

* = not on BOD

Meeting started 7:33 PM
Cal Habitat
Alan: We have Cal Habitat who want to get another virtual host. They have now fixed their site (they put an OCF logo). Usually we have one host per group, but you can go to BOD meeting to get another one.

They're having a special event sponsored by ASUC and Cal Corps Berkeley Poverty Symposium supposed to be annual wanted to make website for event to use for as long as event hosted. Event requested putpovertyinthepast.berkeley.edu is what they wanted. They chose such a long name because they wanted to avoid something that would want to be taken by another group. They want to have a poverty symposium hosted on that domain so that they could have storage for contacts so that when they're passing on event for future people to have everything they have done in the past (a digital record). For publicity purposes, wanted a place for people to find out more info about the event because of the different components (CalPIRg hunger clean-up wants to put info, will have a full week of events Axespeak Build Week). So many different components and people will be receiving literature, a website might be easier for people to organize the information and what the events are going to be about.
Alan: How long have you had this event?
This is the second year that we have held this event annually, but the event is confirmed for the next two years (funding secured). We were able to use less funding than we had originally planned on, so this event will not go away soon. It will be Sunday, April 11th (Pauley Ballroom). 
Mike: To clarify, they are applying for a second vhost not a second account. 
Han: Do we have to go through IST? Or do they just ask us?
Alan: They just ask us.
Motion to give Cal Habitat a second vhost putpovertyinthepast.berkeley.edu...
Alan: What other names did you want?
povertysymposium.berkeley.edu but we didn't want to stand in the way of other groups. This is our first choice.

Motion to give Cal Habitat a second vhost: povertysymposium.berkeley.edu.
Seconded by simplyhd.
Vote: Unanimously in favor.

T-shirts
MIke: It looks like it will be around $700. It might be cheaper if we got just unisex t-shirts instead of a mixture of men/ladies tees. 
Alan: I think we should have 5-10 fitted t-shirts. I say we go for 10.
MIke: What sizes do we want to get? A couple of smalls, bulk of them mediums, a couple of larges. Maybe a few XL.
Alan: 5 SM, 5 XL, 15 M, 10 L
Genevieve: It's better to have larger.
Alan: Regular: 5 SM, 5 XL, 20 M, 10 L
Mike: Fitted: 5 SM, 5 M

Elections
Mike: Come work on elections: April 6,7,8 (Tu,Wed,Thurs). 
Alan: BOD that week will be held in Senate Chambers. We will need help setting up poll stations and taking them down. We will need people early in the morning. We need people 7-8 to 9-10 in major places around campus. They need to be set up before 9 AM. For the afternoon takedown, it's between 3:30 to 5:30 and now we'll just put it outside Crossroads.
Mike: The times are 7-10 AM, 3:30-5:30 pm, 8-10 PM.
Alan: Benefits include free food, hanging out in Senate Chambers, you get to write off lunch and dinner.
Alan: We are usually on call in the Senate Chambers. Mike has a sign-up sheet for the crunch times, but do note that for the rest of the day you are welcome to hang out in Senate Chambers. The golf cart is a perk as well. You could also possibly drive the golf cart. Feel free to tell Tirumari. OCF gets paid $4000, and Mike and I are paid aside from that.

Cal Day
Alan: Cal Day is about 2 weeks after election. The basic details are we're going to have the table, wheel, and raffle stuff at the game tournament. What about Tirumari?
Han: He spoke to Mike, didn't he?
Mike: I could have forgotten.
Alan: We need our wheel back, Han.
Han: I should get that back tomorrow morning.
Alan: We need it by Cal Day. Are you going to help out with the tournament or the table?
Mike: He's wearing the penguin suit. 
Alan: We'll talk more about that as Cal Day comes closer.

Microsoft
MIke: Microsoft was going to come to campus, but they aren't anymore.
Alan: We don't have enough time.
Mike: Microsoft is doing a campus tour. They wanted a lot of things that we can't supply given the amount of time we have to prepare. The biggest place is Speaker Plaza (not enough time) or Sproul (might be too heavy and break the roof of the parking lot that Sproul is on top of).
Han: We couldn't ask them to scale it down?
Mike: I sent them an email and said that as it stands, the proposal is impossible. I am waiting for a response.

Han: Should I just tell my lab that I'm doing elections?
Mike: If you need anything, we could write you a note.

Printing Problems
Alan: Printing one thing leads to printing a lot of copies of something. Jordan looked into it and believes it's problem with weird characters. We're not sure how to fix it.
Han: So we have the right problem, but Jordan did didn't fix it?
Alan: Yes

Solaris Sorrows
Alan: Sanjay went to talk to Brian Harvey to get info about INST. We need to talk to kevinm, the sysadmin of INST. INST doesn't run as many solaris boxes as we do and could possibly help us. They are also facing budget cuts, so we shouldn't rely on INST. Harvey told us to start downloading images for our spark machines and trying out BST or Debian. Our next steps are to find time to talk to Kevin about that.

Mike: I need the TechSoup info.
Genevieve: OK.

Alan: What about the disks?
MIke: I turned in the purchase order last week and they're going to ship them out soon and we will probably get them after Spring Break.

Han: The printers are low on toner, right?
Mike: One has been replaced (the leaky one has been replaced). We are low on toner.
Alan: The policy we voted on about pages. Mike printed out papers that needed to get approved by the 4th floor. There will be some slip of paper on somewhere people will fill out the form bring it to the 4th floor bring it back down, show us the receipt, we sign it off and then put it somewhere. There will probably be a file that you edit. 
Han: So they will only be able to buy it if staff are present.
Mike: Any staff can accept it, but it won't be implemented unless people who can add pages get to it.

Mike: We still have toner in the color printer. The cartridges are easy to refill so we'll just buy bottles.

Motion to adjourn meeting
Vote: unanimously in favor
Meeting ended 8:09 PM
