Attendance:
Han
Genevieve
Alan*
Sherry*
Jordan
simplyhd*

* = in BOD
** = action items

7:20 Meeting starts

Printers
Alan: I'll talk about this because Han wanted to know. What was wrong with the printers was the if you wanted to print, it would ding you for every single slide you printed out even if you printed multiple slides per page. But Mike said that there is no problem. It is that if you choose the wrong option, you get dinged. There is nothing wrong with our system. The fact that it will not ding you if you choose for Acrobat: multiple slides per page; for powerpoint: dig through menus and click the drop-down box and click handouts (which will ask you how many slides per page).
Han: That's still a problem because the user might print the wrong way.
Alan: Mike just said that that was simpler and that is what people should have done first.
Jordan walks in
Jordan: The user cannot be faulted for that.
simplyhd walks in
Alan: Jordan and Sanjay need to clear it up and figure out what's going on. YOu guys need to work together. YOu guys keep complaining about each other.

Elections
Alan: Elections is next Tues, Wed, and Thurs. Mike sent out a schedule. simplyhd, do you knwo what times you are free?
simplyhd: I will just drop in. I probably can't do set-up in the morning. I could probably do Wednesday after 12.
Alan: You can do it 8 AM, 4 PM ish, and 8 PM ish. Are you free for any of those slots.
simplyhd: I could probably do the final one or the 3:30 PM one.
Alan: Are you okay with the times here?
simplyhd: I have a midterm Tuesday morning, so not that.
Alan: What about you Jordan?
Jordan: I need to double-check my schedule because I have a midterm and will email Mike.

Cal Day
Alan: We have a table. It's near a bunch of other ASUC people (the ones that are in Eshleman). We have a table next to Superb on Upper Sproul on the MLK side. Since we are a student group, we have special reservation. We need peopel to set up the tournament and the table. People need to be there around 8 AM so the booth is ready by 9 AM. Tentatively, for the tournaments, I figured we should have them sequentially instead of parallel: one at 10/11 and the other one at 1. I put Smash first and Halo afterward, but that can be changed. Han, have you talked to Tirumari?
Han: He's talked to Mike a lot. He's going to help with elections. He said he's going to talk to Mike.
Alan: Does he want to run the tournament logistics all on his own?
Han: I don't know what he's going to be doing for Cal Day.
Alan: YOu told me that he could do the game tournament. According to Mike, Tirumari hasn't talked to him.
Jordan: They were both in the lab today, but I'm not sure if they talked about it.
Alan: Jordan and simplyhd, are you free?
simplyhd: I think so, if I can, I'll drop by and help.
Jordan: I think I can make it.
Jordan: Also, about elections, Mike was telling me that MCC was stalling and didn't want to let us in.
Alan: As of 5 PM, they sent us an email and said it was fine. I guess we can table Cal Day till next week. Please get a handle on what your schedule looks like. Han, see if you can talk to Tirumari and see if he wants to do it or not. We need at least two people and we also need to advertise for the tournament.
Jordan: We may want to contact the CSUA people. **

Cal Band
Alan: Cal Band is now hosted by IST. They were hosted by Cal Performances and then were hacked, then they were hosted on OCF and got kicked off because they were hacked. Lesson to be learned: be wary when taking on hosting for huge organizations that don't know their superiors because they have so many divisions. The person who was managing them isn't around anymore. Reliability is an issue, which is difficult for us to provide because we are free. 

Solaris
Alan: Kevin M finally replied back: they are suffering from budget cuts and are wondering what they should do. We are waiting on them to respond back because he needed to talk to together EECS manager. They were thinking about getting a huge group that wants to get Solaris. Also, Oracle decided to throw in a new licensing agreement which makes things worse because now you need to get a contract to get further new versions of Solaris. Without any contarct, we can't update any of the machines we're using and we can't install anything on any new machines because we won't have licenses. This puts a halt on our rebuild development plan.
Jordan: You can't update, but.
Alan: With how we run, we need thigns up to date and we can't do that because we need contracts. OpenSolaris is a possible alternative, but Oracle may do something with that. That means the OS we can choose from are Linux and bST, but putting that on Sparc isn't reliable. We're waiting on Kevin M, and if that doesn't work, we look and see about OpenSolaris. If that doesn't work, maybe we can talk to Oracle.
Jordan: It may be worth noting that Derek said that we shoudl find out how much the security will cost to present to the ASUC.
Alan: I would hold off on that and wait what happens with Kevin M.
Jordan: We may want to ask Mike to send them an email on our behalf. Derek talked to them and their web chat people couldn't figure it out. If we email them now, we can find out **
Alan: You can do that if you'd like, having it sent by an authority figure in our group may not make it any faster. 

Alan: Our drives just came in today (SATA). They're sitting in the server room. I didn't install them because I'm afraid things will break.

Motion to adjourn seconded by Han and simplyhd.
Vote in favor: unanimous.
Meeting adjourned at 7:39 PM.
