BOD attendance:
Wilson
Genevieve*
Sanjay
simplyhd
Mike
Alan
Sherry
*not on BOD

Meeting started: 7:30 PM

Agenda:
Discuss email to IST
Discuss and finalize expenditure for new disk drives for the disk array (approve funds)
T-shirts (finalize the design) - Mike will go get quotes
Color printing
Allowing users to pay for additional pages
Account recycling (user life cycling)
Opt-in mail
Remote approve

T-shirts
Design 1 (dark gray): 3 for it
Design 2 (light gray): 4 + Jordan
Design 3: rejected
Decision: light gray design
Alan: Jordan wants us edit the speech bubble so that the penguin is actually saying it. He also wants Compute Freely in OCF font in the final copy.

Discuss Sanjay's email to IST
Mike: Comments so far have been that we should explicitly state that one of reasons we're concerned about using Debian is that Sparc is 2nd architecture. Should mention that we run high volume web server. Should mention statistics on web server. 
Sanjay: We want the number of servers on Solaris and the changes that we'd make. We want pandemic and jaws, and we can compromise the other ones.
Mike: Also, famine so we can keep our web server on.
Sanjay: We'll first ask for 2 or 3.
Mike: We only have 3.
Sanjay: The idea is to show that we're making a compromise.
simplyhd: You can give them a brief overview of the points of the server that it's important that we keep it on.
Mike: Full list of servers and these are the services they provide and this is why we want to keep it on Solaris.
Sanjay: We're considering sending an email to Harvey first because this is not going to be a short thread. IST said that technical account team will redirect us to who we're supposed to talk to. So it's possibly we email Harvey first and tell him this stuff is going on and either Harvey can help us get through the bureaucracy or just approve. So we might draft another email. Or I can go into Harvey's office hours.

Expenditure for new disk drives
Mike: The quote for the six 1 TB SATA drives is $2194.66. This was our projected cost. The 1 TB are cheaper but take up more slots and we can't expand later.
Sanjay: Our logic was that at the point that we overshoot the space we'll probably have to buy an expansion anytime. It's naive to think that 4 years from now they're not going to do some migration.
Vote: 
Motion to allocate $2200 from funds to buy them. Seconded by simplyhd and Sanjay:
Vote: 5 for

Color printing
Mike: It'll be about 6-7 cents per page for color. Over 80% of them want it. We need to agree of charging. The actual ratio is 3-4. The survey said that people would be willing to pay 5 pages.
Motion to set up color printing at a charge rate of 1 color page = 5 black and white pages. Seconded by Sherry.
Vote: 5 for, 1 abstain
Sanjay: We shouldn't implement this immediately because CUPS isn't working right now.
simplyhd: we should do it next semester.

additional pages
Two mechanisms: Either we collect money directly and deposit it ourselves or have them go to the 4th floor, get receipt, and when we get receipt then we give it to them. I've cleared it with 4th floor and they're fine with either. It will be $5 for 250 pages. How do we want to implement this? You can buy it in $1 increments at 50 pages per dollar?
Sanjay: You pay for 200 pages but giving them an extra 50 to cover errors.
Alan: So $5 increments for 250. They don't roll over.
Motion to allow users to buy pages at a rate of 200 pages for $5 with 50 extra pages thrown in to cover errors. The total number of pages would be 250 pages. We will require people to pay at the front desk on the 4th floor, and bring the receipt back to retrieve their pages. Seconded by Alan.
Vote: Passes unanimously
Mike: We need to make explicit who can do this. We take the receipt. We need to specify 
Alan: Just let only root staff able to do it.

Account recycling (user life cycling)
Mike: User life cycling means that instead of getting an account for forever, we will implement a system by which it can be disabled if you don't' use it for some amount of time. We've traditionally guaranteed our users. One of things we've been looking at is you have some sort of grace period. If you actively use your account you get to keep it forever. But if you stop using it for 2 consecutive years we get the right to delete your account. Sorrying after 1 year and zipping after 2 years. We will zip 
Sanjay: A better predictor is a stack call (stat) all the users file (their home directories). We'll look at home directory and web directory. If there are no dates that meet the threshold, then we automatically sorry the user.
Alan: So we can get timestamps for these. Is there a specific file that they can access no matter when they log in?
Mike: Over sftp. We'll stat both ntuser.dat and .login
Sanjay: We'll need to test this out.
Mike: How would we implement this? Giant bash script for all users.
simplyhd: What are we going to do for current users.
Mike: We'll set today as the starting day for everyone (when policy is implemented). Nobody will have their account disabled a year from now.
Alan: With more unsorried users, it's just more waste because there will be a lot of accounts people can hack. 
Mike: We want to do this because of name exhaustion (difficult to come up with new usernames) and security (inactive accounts are not updating things so they'll have old versions with vulnerabilities).
Mike: Email can't be disabled. You can forward to dev/null. 
Alan: What if a regular user has copyright material and we can't contact them?
Mike: We'll just sorry them. The same thing with groups. Anytime we email them and they don't respond then we'll disable their account and dev/null their email.
Sanjay: Instead of dev/null suppose we shier;eljfiel;hai their mailbox.
Mike: War would throw errors. j;ijil;ff.;ejiaht;jf;eaj
Sherry starts throwing errors.  Rebooted sherry and set TERM to vt100.
Sanjay: Because forwarding it to dev/null will not tell us whether they disabled it. If someone has Is there a better way to get a bounce than it going nowhere.
Mike: Other option is to forward all emails from *@ocf to an email that they check and dev/null other stuff (so spam would get sorted out). We've discussed it; I'll come up with a text for the policy and we'll consider it next BOD.
Tabled.

Opt-in mail
Mike: Results of the survey so far is that the overwhelming majority of emails don't use their emails (8 out of 35).
Alan: If we had opt-in email, how would we be able to contact users?
Mike: We could modify the approve script and have one line that says if they want a separate email account or do they want email forwarded to an account. We'll assume that they have decent spam filtering.
Sanjay: Obviously we can't disable old emails. 
Mike: It will create a .forward file automatically.
Sanjay: Do we want a remote approve? Because I could develop that.
mike: Do we want to require users to choose when they're approved whether to have OCF email account or all their email forwarded to another account?
Motion to change approve and add_em_all as necessary to select whether they want to use OCF email service or have their email forwarded to another account.
Mike: There's nothing that stops users from changing and rowed to devnul.
simplyhd: The 
Sanjay: What do we do with people way over email quota?
Mike: They just bounce. I don't think these users are the ones using all of our space. I think DWC is 8 GB on its own.
Sanjay: The space is being taken somehow and I'm not sure if that's a quota error or what's happening. I don't know if everyone is using 1-1.5 MB.
Motion seconded by Sanjay.
Alan: How do we do with people who want the account but not the email. There's no way for us to contact users. 
Mike: At the end of the day, we can't force them to read the emails. If we forward it to email that they actually check, then it increases the likelihood that they read. 
Vote: Passes unanimously

Survey discussion
Mike: It's close to 80% that wanted. 
Sanjay: Or maybe the 6 people were the ones with issues with password.
Mke: One of the things that would have to happen is for us to come up with better UI and better feedback on why your password was rejected. Maybe use a CAPTCHA so people can read it.
Alan: Final steps is to have people complete the survey so that everyone has to complete the survey.
Mike: New project to add to the project list: having a selection of pre-made website templates.
Sanjay: Just make wordpres sniff chmod

remote approve
Sanjay: We need a script. 
Mike: Approve will be the same.
Sanjay: If there are any staff that want to do. We don't want to send data over if it's not working.
Mike: Basics: 
Motion to allow for a remote approval script. Seconded by Sanjay.
Motion passes unanimously
Mike puts Sanjay in charge of that project by Executive delegation. Sanjay will maybe get Sesh involved.

Cal Day Status: We haven't been told anything yet.

Grand opening
Mike: The opening day was supposed to be tomorrow. I have to get 5 people to help coordinate this, but getting them together is extremely difficult. They always say to talk about it later. We're also waiting for construction to finish.

Meeting ended at 8:43 PM.








