Date: Fri, 17 Mar 89 23:17:10 PST
From: adamj@WEB.Berkeley.Edu
To: ocf@widow
Subject: OCF boad meeting minutes
Cc: bh

Minutes of the OCF board of directors meeting, 1989 March 16.


Board Members Attending:
	Partha S. Banerjee
	Rober Cullmann
	Adam Glass
	Marc Hertlein
	Adam J. Richter
	David Muir Sharnoff
	Gretchen Stude
	Cimarron Taylor

Board members absent:
	Ron Woan
	Antony Courtney
	Drew Dean

Guests:
	Shelley Louie
	Daniel Efron


The meeting, scheduled for 6:00pm, reached quorum around 7:30pm.

	There will be no meeting on the 23rd due to Spring break.
During the break, we hope to get a lot of work done in preparing the
information packet for new users, particularly new users from outside
the traditional computing community.  Everyone is encouraged to help
in this effort, and also encouraged to send mail to ocf@widow about
what they're up to so as to minimize the duplication of effort.  If
you do produce anything, please bring it to the next meeting so that
we can all critique it ("GroupThink").

	We would like to have the following in our information packet:

    - One page listing and describing the meat and potatoes unix
      commands.  E.g., "mv", "cp", "logout."
    - Some information on the unix text editors.
    - A brief tutorial on how to log in and so on.
    - A tour of the window system (possibly merged with the tutorial?)
    - Synopsis of the OCF political structure.
    - Pointers for more information, including:
	+ A bibliography.
	+ A plug for the CSUA library.
	+ Information on help sessions.


	The minigrant deadline has passed as of the time the writing
of these minutes (Friday night).  In case, funds from the minigrant
must be specifically budgetted for things that support the research
project.

	We will have an Apollo system administration class at the
first OCF board meeting following the Spring elections meeting.
Attendees need not be board members; but, by holding the class at the
board meeting, we can insure that the bulk of the board membership
will be exposed to it.  The class will be announced at the spring
elections meeting and also posted to ucb.org.ocf.

	New text has been appended to OCF bylaw four.  Bylaw four now
reads as follows (with the next text capitalized).

		Any director missing two consecutive regularly
		schedule meetings will be removed from the Board,
		REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE MEETINGS ACHIEVE QUORUM.


	The next meeting will be a 6:00pm, Thursday, 1989 March 30th.
