Open Computing Facility
Board of Directors meeting
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
February 12, 1996

Attendance				Board of Directors
--------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
Ed Chang <changed>			Erik Agee <agee>
Connie Chow <no account>		Elaine Chao <chaos> (General Manager)
Jennifer Snider <jenni>			Tom Cheng <tomcheng>
Michael J. McElligott <mmcell>		Michael Constant <mconst> (Site Mgr)
Rune Stromsness <runes>			Kennish Nishimoto <kennish>
					Alan Coopersmith <alanc>
					Wang Lam <wlam>
Meeting Highlights
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The Site Manager reports that all OCF equipment is up and running (as 
of the time of the report).  (See Site Manager's Report.)

* The OCF will participate in the student group open house in March.  
(See New Business.)

* OCF revives its PCs versus Sparcs debate for a rehash--this week only!
(See Special Treat.)

Announcements
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Kenji Hubbard <kenji> missed his second Board meeting, and was therefore
dropped from the Board.  In a related note, the Site Manager appointed Erik
Agee <agee> to fill the position of Sparc Manager which Kenji held.  (Repeated
in the section Sparc Manager's Report.)

* Secretary's note: This has changed since the conclusion of the meeting.  
Please see Corrections.

General Manager's Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The General Manager reports she has completed her proposal to Information 
Systems and Technology (IST) to have the OCF stay in the basement of Evans Hall, 
and she expects to turn it in this week.

* On the issue of offering first pick of OCF's equipment at Excess and Salvage
to the Computer Science Undergraduate Association (CSUA).  The vote passes
5-0-2 (five for; none against; two abstain);  the General Manager promises to 
contact the CSUA.

Site Manager's Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Plague (OCF's mailserver) is up; typhoon (OCF's main server) crashed 
but was rebooted, and appears to be working.  Cause of crash remains unknown.

* Two staff were added, George Gong <gong> and Ahilan Anantha <ahilan>.
* Secretary's note: This is incorrect.  The second new staff member was 
David Tang <dtang>.  (Repeated in Corrections at the end of these minutes.)

Sparc Manager's Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The Site Manager appoints Erik Agee <agee> to fill the Sparc Manager position
formerly held by Kenji Hubbard <kenji>.
* Secretary's note: This has changed since the meeting.  Please see
Corrections. 

* The new Sparc Manager will talk to Kenji Hubbard <kenji> to catch up on 
what he has been doing.

* Dan Holliman <danh> will take of setting up the IRC server (a Sparc), 
tenatively named pestilence.

Old Business
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Reregistration software: no report.

* Netras offer received, prices "fair" (--Elaine Chao <chaos>).  Issue 
pushed to new business.

New Business
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The Board expresses an interest for the OCF to participate in the student 
group open house on Tuesday, March 5 in Eshleman Hall, hopefully it will 
provide exposure for the OCF.

* Eta Kappa Nu (HKN) persists in requesting to borrow unused hard disk
external cases ("shoeboxes") from the OCF.  Jennifer Snider <jenni> notes
that TCS and OCF already had an arrangement concerning the shoeboxes, but
that HKN could talk to TCS to obtain.  Wang Lam <wlam> reports HKN somehow
never received them.
* Secretary's disclosure note:  Wang Lam <wlam> is coincidentally (or
maybe not), the Computing Services co-chair of HKN (and was therefore
pushed to bringing this up), a member of the Board, *and* the secretary
writing your minutes.  (Can you say, "conflict of interest?" :) )

* The Disk Usage Management Board (DuMB) was created for spring 1996. 
Elected into the DuMB were Alan Coopersmith <alanc>, Rune Stromsness
<runes>, and Jennifer Snider <jenni>.

* Thomas Cheng <tomcheng> proposes moving the Board meeting to a 
south campus location to attract more general users to attend, on an 
experimental basis.  Under general consensus, Elaine Chao <chaos> notes 
she'll try it.

* One user's account was shut off for going over quota, but the user had
not accumulated the minimum five quota points.  The Site Manager notes
this situation has been corrected.

Special Treat - PCs versus Sparcs
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Michael Constant <mconst> and Ken Nishimoto <kennish> propose that the
Board purchase Pentium-based machines for OCF's migration, instead of the
Sun Sparcs discussed in the last meeting. 

* While the debate was supposedly settled last semester by a quorum vote, 
Michael Constant <mconst> and Ken Nishimoto <kennish> note that the 
situation has changed since then: the price/power ratio has changed, and 
Ken <kennish> is able to get discounts on Pentium-based machines.

* The secretary attempts to reconstruct major arguments for PCs and 
Sparcs below.  Some are recaps of arguments from last semester.

For Pentiums				For Sparcs
--------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
approximate quotes: (generic)		approximate quotes: (Tatung)
   $6700 - Pentium/133 - 192MB/4GB	   $6738 - Sparc20/75 - 32MB/1GB
						1MB supercache

More computing power for money.
There *are* 192MB RAM on this thing.	I/O is more important, and Suns
					   has its Ethernet built-in.
					And architecture faster than PCI.
					We already have Sun equipment, 
					   software.
New version of Solaris for PCs not	PCs can't mesh with existing equipment
   yet tested, could be stable.		   stably.
					Sun donations easier to come by.
					Can mount moby on Suns.
					Campus offers support for Suns.
					Modular upgrading available.

* A Pentium/133 is about as fast as a Sparc20/75, counting the 10% benchmark 
error Intel found that boosted Pentium ratings.

* The Pentium can handle all the users, so that we could afford to 
support all of the OCF on that one machine.  (We could "go UCLink.")

* The vote on this issue is postponed by Board consensus until the next 
Board meeting, so that Board members could attend an upcoming Unix trade 
show.  (As a historical note, this trade show was how OCF got its first
donation of Apollos.)

Miscellaneous
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Michael Constant <mconst> counted up OCF's users in four different 
ways, and got four different numbers for the Mid-Year Report.
	12,700	home directories (but there are a few duplicates)
	12,100  entries in the registry (the user/password/shell info list)
	11,700  entries in the registry in org ocf.ucb, general users
	11,150  of 11,700 above have accounts not deactivated

* Jennifer Snider <jenni> reminds Elaine Chao <chaos> that she has the option
of rewriting OCF's mission statement. 

* Jennifer Snider <jenni> notices that the OCF home page was momentarily turned
black (without an official OCF decision).  She emphasizes that the OCF does not
and cannot take a political stand, since it would violate Smith vs. Regents.

* Rune Stromsness <runes> and Jennifer Snider <jenni> were added to the 
Board, with no objections.

Corrections (after the meeting)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* In the last issue of the Board minutes, there was an error concerning
space for the OCF next year.  The Board believes it likely the OCF will
stay in the WEB (Evans basement) next year, pending the submission of the
General Manager's proposal to Information Systems and Technology (IST). 

* In this issue of the Board minutes, the Site Manager did not properly 
name the two staff members added to group approve.  The new staff are 
George Gong <gong> and David Tang <dtang>.

* In this issue of the Board minutes, the Site Manager had Erik Agee <agee> 
replace Kenji Hubbard's <kenji> position as Sparc Manager.  The Site Manager 
reports that he actually intended to appoint them co-Sparc managers, and will 
clarify the issue at the next Board meeting.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Respectfully submitted,
Wang Lam <wlam>
OCF Board of Directors and OCF Board Secretary
February 12, 1996
