Open Computing Facility
Board of Directors meeting
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
April 25, 1996

Attendance				Board of Directors
--------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------
Andrew Swan <aswan>			Elaine Chao <chaos> (General Manager)
Kenji Hubbard <kenji>			Michael Constant <mconst> (Site Mgr)
Lara Lee <llee>				Alan Coopersmith <alanc>
Ruth Park <ruth>			Jennifer Snider <jenni>
Nevin Cheung <nevman>			Wang Lam <wlam>

Meeting Highlights
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The Open Computing Facility makes its bid for computing power next year 
(See Sparc Manager's Report.).

* Reregistration is in progress, but lots of users have yet to catch up.  
(See Site Manager's Report.)

Announcements
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* General Meeting in Sibley Auditorium (Bechtel) on Wednesday, May 1st.

* The General Manager appoints Rune Stromsness <runes> General Manager 
until Monday (April 29) morning.

General Manager's Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The budget did not pass the ASUC's Finance Committee.  The General 
Manager estimates, from her impression at the FiComm meetings, that the 
OCF would be budgeted between $9000 and $12000 for next year.  Appeals 
cannot begin until after the budget passes the committee.

* Alan Coopersmith <alanc> notes that even $10000 won't be enough to buy 
a new machine next year to improve the OCF's computing power.

* Jennifer Snider <jenni> notes that the lockboxes the Board approved the 
General Manager to buy have still not been purchased, but are still 
necessary.

Site Manager's Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The Site Manager officially implements the revised staff policy, which 
he provided with a proposed revised user policy for Board review.

* Andrew Swan <aswan> notes the Faculty Adviser was not listed on the 
chain of command in the staff policy, but should be.
* Secretary's note: The Faculty Adviser is listed on the chain of command 
as described in the user policy.

* Andrew Swan <aswan> asks of the staff policy, what type of action should 
root staff be logging?  The example provided in the staff policy was too 
mundane to be useful as a guide.  Also, how could it be enforced?

* The Site Manager notes it is not possible to enforce root logging, and 
concedes the example should be revised.

* About 1100 people reregistered successfully online, which unfortunately 
leaves about 10,000 users somewhere in limbo.  Andrew Swan <aswan> says 
he sent mail to users with forwarding, which he could not confirm was 
successfully delivered to everyone but he believes did happen.

* Alan Coopersmith <alanc> questions whether we should extend 
reregistration so more OCF users get a chance to run rereg.

* The Board discusses at length what to do about OCF Staff who are now no 
longer affiliated with UCBerkeley, but still contribute to the Open 
Computing Facility.  Because an OCF account means not only access to the 
OCF but also some campus site services (such as Usenet on 
agate.berkeley.edu and the Encyclopedia Britannica Online site 
subscription), Information Systems and Technology generally requires that 
non-affiliated accounts to be shut down.

* The Board tenatively decides to leave the accounts long enough for the 
General Manager to ask IST for permission to maintain the alumni accounts 
of active OCF Staff.

* Jennifer Snider <jenni> and Alan Coopersmith <alanc> bring up a case in 
which an OCF user clearly tried to use reregister an account improperly, 
using information for completely different people (clearly different names, 
birthdays, and so on not explicable as typographic errors).  The Board 
agrees that abusing rereg is a violation of OCF policy that can lead to 
an account being immediately deactivated.

Sparc Managers' Report
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Because of a $5000 donation to the OCF, the Board ultimately moves, 
after some discussion about the necessity of a monitor or CD-ROM, a Fast 
Wide SCSI-2 controller or frame buffer, to purchase:
	SS20 Base system (Integrix)		1095
	SS20/71 CPU				1995
	2 x 64MB RAM			    2 x 1550
	Floppy drive				  75
	CD-ROM					 337.50
	-----------------------------------------------
	Total purchase price			7402.50 x 8.25% tax
					  about $8015 total.
The motion passes unanimously 5-0-0.

* The Board authorizes the OCF Summer Board to spend OCF funds, amended 
to a limit of $1500 of OCF's 1996-1997 budget plus whatever is left over 
in the donation this year.  The motion passes unanimously 5-0-0.

* The Board approves the purchase of another 64MB RAM (bringing a total 
of 192MB RAM on the new machine) by unanimous vote 5-0-0.

* The Board lastly grants the Sparc Manager discretion to spend the 
remainder of this year's budget and the remainder of the donation on 
"disk and related stuff for the Sparc."  The motion passes 5-0-0.

Old Business
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The computer purchase for the OCF (1996-97) was moved to the Sparc 
Manager's Report above.

New Business
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Kenji Hubbard <kenji> and Nevin Cheung <nevman> were added to the Board 
of Directors without objection.

Miscellaneous
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* No miscellaneous.

Corrections (after the meeting)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* The Secretary corrects all significant errors in the minutes; please 
send errors to bod@ocf.berkeley.edu.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Wang Lam <wlam>
OCF Board of Directors and OCF Board Secretary
April 25, 1996
