         Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting
                      Tuesday, October 3, 1995

Present at this meeting: (BoD Members denoted by a *):

*Erik Muller (erikm@ocf)                Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)
*Tony Monroe (tmonroe@ocf)              *Erik Agee (agee@ocf)
Chris Williams (clw@ocf)                *Michael Kaminsky (kaminsky@ocf)
*Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)            Alan Coopersmith (alanc@ocf)
*Charles Sinclair (sinclair@ocf)        Anthony Monroe (tmonroe@ocf)

No board members were not present but were not dropped since they
attended the last meeting.  Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf) was dropped
from the board after not attending his second consecutive meeting.

A quorum of 5 members (max (* (/ 2 3) 7) 5) was achieved.

The meeting was called to order at approximately 7:12 p.m. by General
Manager Jennifer Snider.

AGENDA

* Announcements
* General Manager's Report
	Space Issues
	Money
	Office in Eshleman
	Appoint Minister of Propaganda & EJC Representative
* Site Manager's Report
* Sparc Manager's Report
* Election of DUMB
* New Business
* Board Elections
* General Discussion
* Dismissal


* Announcements

There is a petition pending with the Judicial Council challenging the
ASUC Senate vote on the budget.  If the ASUC decision is overturned
our budget will be uncertain again.

The fate of OCF equipment that was in the CSUA office is unknown since
no OCF people were around for the CSUA Office Cleaning/BBQ on Saturday
and no one has looked to see what might be gone since then.

Erik Muller got his 107B lab report done.

Charles Sinclair has resigned from his position with IST.

Tony Monroe not only found a partner early, but finished his project
early.

* General Manager's Report

Jenni has the name of someone to talk to at Barrows Hall in order to get
a look at space in the basement that is semi-scheduled to be used by
IST.  Someone should arrange to look at the space soon.  Rune has
exchanged email with Tom Koster regarding a proposal to SACI.  Rune
will get a list of the SACI membership.  Jenni will try to find out
what is happening with the appointment of the undergraduate representative
to SACI.

Jenni asked for comments or suggestions regarding which was more
important for the OCF--machine room space or lab space.  The
discussion quickly shifted to a discussion of the future plans
of the OCF, to the future success and use of UNIX vs. Windows NT,
and almost shifted to comparing FreeBSD and Linux.  It was
generally agreed that one of the more unique services the OCF
offers is X console access, and that this service has a set
of users who use it and support it.  It was suggested that the
majority of the use of the OCF is remote use, and that UNIX
X-terminal access of the OCF may be a service that will become
less and less important or useful.  The discussion was cut short
just before the FreeBSD vs. Linux jihad began.

There is still no concrete proposal for spending the OCF's hardware
budget this year.  Kenji was supposed to be present with some
sort of proposal but was not.  A majority of the Board volunteered
to join a lynch mob to seek out and punish Kenji.

There was discussion about use and access of the OCF's office in
Eshleman Hall.  There are currently terminals, equipment, O'Reilly
books, and the phone/answering machine in the office.  Tony
and Charlie asked to be added to the list of people who can 
check out keys.  Jenni would like to see more people spending more
time in the office.

Jenni asked for volunteers to be the Minister of Propaganda (responsible
for publicity for OCF meetings and activities as well as helping
with publicity for help sessions, etc.) and Engineers' Joint Council
Representative.  No one volunteered for either position.  It was
suggested that mail be sent to staff and bod announceing the openings
and asking interested people to show up at the next meeting or contact
Jenni.

* Site Manager's Report

Maelstrom has been unhappy, which is bad.

The WEB (aka EMF) needs to be cleaned/straightened up in our area.

* Sparc Manager's Report

Kenji was not present.  A motion was made to kill Kenji, but died for
lack of a second or recognition from the chair.

(Kenji is thanked for saving soda last night)

War has been upgraded and patched to near the most current level
of software.  Most of the SUN equipment that was in the CSUA office
is probably gone now.

* Election of DUMB

Volunteers were solicited to serve on the Disk Use Management Board.
Chris Williams was nominated but declined.  Tony, Rune, and Erik
Muller were nominated/self-nominated.  No one else was nominated.
Erik Muller made a motion to close nominations which was seconded by
Erik Agee.  Jenni asked for a vote of any objections from current BoD
members and there were none, so the three candidates were appointed to
the DUMB.

* New Business

Rune asked about the status of reregistration.  Ari's software is still
not working correctly on the OCF, and there has been no recent 
progress.  Someone should poke Ari.

Charlie asked if the OCF had considered trying to get a check-off
box on registration payments similar to what the Daily Cal or other
groups have.  The idea was discussed briefly and there were no major 
objections.  Jenni will talk to some contacts to figure out the
procedure that would need to be followed if the OCF wanted to
attempt such a project.  It was pointed out that this project
would involve a large amount of activity and work by OCF members
in order to be successful.

* Board Elections

Rune asked to be added to the Board of Directors.  There were no
objections by current members of the Board, and Rune was confirmed.

* General Discussion

A premature motion to adjourn was made by Erik Agee and seconded by
Erik Muller.  The meeting was not adjourned because Jenni had more
announcements and business.

Jenni and Alan saw a post in soc.org.nonprofits that talks about an
NSF grant that the OCF might be elligble to apply for.  They will
try to find out more information about it.

The Board should consider whether or not the OCF is willing to 
sell a disk to the CSUA should the current usr10 turn out to be
dead.

The transceivers, tapes, null modem, and gender changers discussed
at the last meeting have been identified for order through Inmac.
The total cost is around $340.  Erik Muller made a motion to approve
the expenditure of around $350 on the listed items.  Tony
seconded the motion.  The motion passed unanimously.

* Dismissal

Tony made a motion to adjourn the meeting which was seconded by
Erik Muller.

The meeting was adjourned at 8:31 p.m.


Respectfully submitted,

Rune Stromsness
OCF Secretary
