--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Open Computing Facility
Board of Directors Meeting
18 April 2000

Board of Directors members present:

Jason Castello (castello)
Eugene Chan (ceugene)
Jeff Emrich (jeffe)
Gabe Gonzalez (gmg)
Devin Jones (jones)
Bem Jones-Bey (ajani)
Wayne Kao (kaow)
Kenneth Ott (kenao)
Akop Pogosian (akopps)
Susie Tang (suztang)

Others in attendance:

Isaac Fong (isaacf)

The meeting was opened at 5:45 pm.  


Reports


I. General Manager Report

Steve McCamant's not here so Akop led the meeting.  Ken brought two
computers to the new lab.  He said all the IPX's want to talk to war or
conquest so they can't boot until they have an external network
connection.  Ken said he found $1800 to buy cables to lock down
workstations and to buy enough hubs to power the entire lab.  Akop says
he needs to lock down some machines in physics and will will ask the
company that does this how much this would cost for OCF lab.  Devin
says he has asked about an Ultra 1, and Ken has tried talking to Tom
Baker and others, but everyone Devin and Ken have talked to are on
vacation.  Ken said chairs cost only $83/chair, and said he hasn't
heard from Gateway.  Devin said he called the Desktop.com people, but
they haven't told him much.  It doesn't sound like they'll want much in
exchange for donations which is awesome.  Desktop.com wanted to talk
about different levels of contributions.


II. Site Manager Report

Akop bought DDS3 tapes for backups and 64 megs of memory for
"myballs".  There was some debate about renaming myballs.  Akop says
the tapes fit 24 gigs per tape.  We've started running daily backups.
Mail will not be backed up daily though, just weekly, because if we do
mail it would be a significant chunk of /var/mail.  Akop says he found
a hard drive, and Bem notice Steve Callahan wasn't at the meeting, so
he suggested it be used for MP3's.  The disk could be given to famine.
Akop said he found another disk too, but it only has 2 gigs and didn't
have cables, and he found a really old 1 gigabyte disk which could go
to death.  Akop says Luns arranged for a replacement APX donation and a
IPX replacement for pestilence.  Ken says pestilence is sending out
weird mail messages now though; smcc@ocf has the details on that.


III. Old Business

ASUC & DeCal web sites

All ASUC files are moved over to our server now.  Ken asked whether
they're mirroring.  Devin said all their files are here.  Akop says
DeCal took down their old site before talking to us, and he said he's
setup everything for them and just needs to talk to CSUA about DNS.
Ken said the stupidity was that decal.org died/shut down/lost all their
new website files, so we have nothing to put there unless the original
webmaster saved it all and who knows?


IV.  New Business

Web site ads

Ken wants to just put them on the web cam page.  Eugene doesn't see the
point of just putting them on that page and not everywhere else on the
OCF page.  Devin says we get several hundred hits a day.  Wayne said
ads can't be on a reloading page.  Bem and Gabe started a tangent about
The Simpson's.  Devin says the campus doesn't like people running ads
under the berkeley.edu domain.  We are on the ASUC network, not on IS&T
networks, so we could have ads, but we still can't have ads unless we
change our ad address, like to ocf.asuc.org.  Devin said IS&T probably
won't let us do ads if we asked them.

vision@ocf alias / account registration

Akop says anyone who's not on campus and whose account is sorried
shouldn't have any right to OCF resources unless they were sorried for
a good reason.  Those who are not affiliated with university should
have the least voice at OCF.  Devin wants to discuss a squished and
dormant account policy.  Akop wants to run rereg next semester.

Everyone agreed squished users should have no rights.  Akop says it
should be at the SM's discretion, and everyone changed his mind to
that.  Devin proposed saying we close accounts if an account's not
being used.  Akop says that's a bad idea because maybe their email's
being forwarded or something, and that that's what rereg is for.  Devin
says it's ok with ASUC and maybe even the campus if we allow alumni
accounts.  Akop says we should discuss this longer since this is a big
policy discussion.  Devin and Ken say we should support a user
community like the CSUA's.  Devin and Bem said one reason we used to do
rereg was we want access to sww, but we don't even need that anymore.
Devin says the main reason we haven't done rereg in a while is because
some staff don't like it, and we've been preoccupied with other stuff.
Devin and Eugene say we should just not be worried about any of this
until the university tells us to.

Moving stuff

Akop said we need to start moving from Eshleman into Heller, the TDA
too.  Ken asked why we don't move now, but Gabe says anyone could take
anything from Heller if we moved stuff now.  Devin and Ken said we
don't have racks to hold the TDA yet.  Ken didn't care but didn't think
anyone would move to steal such heavy and obsolete equipment.

Windows boxes

Akop hasn't done anything on it.  Bem hasn't done anything either.  Bem
said Paolo showed him an EECS machine running Windows 2000, but it was
slow.  We need to find a computer powerful enough before we try
installing Windows NT on something.  Akop's worried about the physical
security of a Windows box too.  Ken says we should use Easy Access
instead of Samba.  Ken made some noise about cellie being able to
handle it, when Bem said the other stuff we have wouldn't.  Ken said he
would only do this if he could save the current drive contents though.
Devin and Bem say Samba's not too bad but you need separate passwords.
Akop says he emailed the Berkeley Sun Microsystems rep for more
information.  He has not heard back from them yet, however, it is
listed at $1500 on SUN's web site. Considering we are .edu we might get
it for less.  Many people said this was a lot; Eugene suggested
stealing it.  Akop noted having Windows boxes would be neat for our
users because we could allow useful things like letting people

TDA

Devin said three other student groups want part of the TDA: CSUA, XCF,
and CalFROG.  CalFROG wants to space so they can mirror more stuff such
as FreeBSD.  Devin says John from CalFROG could do that for us if we
asked, but he needs like half a terrabyte.  CSUA and XCF each have
parts of the TDA already setup, and they're using FreeBSD.  Mike would
like 200-600 gigs for the CSUA (one rack).  XCF probably only needs
half a node.  Akop says we can hold some files for local installs.

Devin explained everything: The whole TDA is 7 racks = ~14 nodes.  OCF
capacity is 5 racks + ad-hoc shelving.  We could conceivably fit the
entire TDA, but we want to reserve some rack space for servers.  Akop
said we should save *at least* 5 nodes.  Even with one node, we could
give all our users like 100 GB  (which is really spiffy), so we can
give away a lot of the TDA.  Bem said he can give away a good portion
of the TDA now, but we should still keep a lot of it since we can
always do stuff with disk space.

Devin and Akop wrote down what we might need space for:
- home
- web
- mail
- /opt/local
- /export
CalFROG <- FreeBSD/Linux mirror
XCF/CSUA <- projects

Food

Ken said Ivan couldn't fit his food in there when he tried eating lunch
and had suggested that we should ban it in the new lab.  Devin said
Heller allows food and we've always allowed food in the OCF lab.
Eshleman has gotten messy but people don't think it'll get messy in
Heller since Eshleman's just asking to get messed up.


The meeting was closed at 6:42 by Akop, seconded by Bem.

Recorded by Wayne Kao (kaow).
