--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Open Computing Facility
Board of Directors Meeting
25 April 2000

Board of Directors members present:

Stephen Callahan (calman)
Eugene Chan (ceugene)
Jeff Emrich (jeffe)
Gabe M. Gonzalez (gmg)
Ivan Jen (ivan)
Bem Jones-Bey (ajani)
Wayne Kao (kaow)
Eddy Lu (eddylu)
Stephen McCamant (smcc)
Kenneth Ott (kenao)
Akop Pogosion (akopps)
Susie Tang (suztang)

Others in attendance:

Gabe Nell
Wayne Chan (wyc)

The meeting was opened at 5:40.

Reports

I. GM Report

Steve M says we got ASUC funding, the details of which he emailed to
the board.  Not too much is going on with the lab, according to Ken.
We might be getting net after Cordy gets back from vacation, and we're
probably not going to open until fall unless the Gateways come in the
next week and we get everything setup in a week.  Steve M said we could
open during the summer, but Ken said no one would come anyway.  Bem
said we could use summer as a burn-in time, and do a grand opening in
fall.

II. SM Report

Akop says nothing special has happened.  DeCal and ASUC web site
integration are in progress.  Ken says we have a dual-monitor,
dual-processor PC setup in Eshleman.

Old Business

I. Ads on user pages (Superb)

Steve M said no one wanted ads on the OCF page because of campus
policy, and most people on staff didn't want banners.  Other campus
groups try to be self-supporting so they sometimes run ads.  The Daily
Cal is really separate from the campus and is not on the campus name so
it's ok that they run ads.  Ivan said UC Berkeley doesn't let its
entities have ads.  Akop said Devin said the biggest problem with us
running ads is we're on the berkeley.edu domain name.

Superb will be ok with ads once we move it to superb.asuc.org after we
get control of asuc.org according to Akop.  Ivan says we should put
this whole discussion off until next year.  Akop said he sent an email
to CNS asking about asuc.org but hasn't gotten a reply.

Akop says Luns was concerned that virtual domains may ignore our policy
requiring a link back to OCF, and it'd be difficult to enforce.  Steve
M says he doesn't remember us asking ASUC or DeCal that they needed to
have a banner linking back to OCF.  Akop says that maybe we shouldn't
require a banner and instead force a redirect to www.ocf/~whatever.
Ken likes the banner idea better.  Steve says it doesn't matter as long
as OCF gets some recognition for hosting the sites, and we should let
hte student group decide.  Ivan suggested adding popup advertising OCF
and our services, but everyone shouted him down.

Ken says for ASUC and Superb, it might be cool if they had a banner at
the bottom of their pages.  Akop says they already hvae a lot of OCF
links.  Bem says all we really need is a button, and Gabe concured.
Bem said, "a little button is not a bad thing," maybe 1x1 pixels.

Akop suggested someone should make a banner; Ken said we already had
one.  Steve M said for regular www.ocf/~whatever sites, no button is
required.  There was a consensus that Eugene Chan should make the
buton, not Eek.  Bem suggested telling Superb that it's against policy
to run ads, but we don't want to kick them off, and we're working on a
solution.  Ken wanted front-row seats to Gladator.  Gabe suggested
asking IS&T to come to a BoD meeting, but no one thought that was a
good idea.  Suzie said IS&T will squish everything, and Bem said it's
probably not a good idea to get them involved.  Bem moved that we go on
to the next topic of discussion; Gabe seconded.

II. Dormant account policy?

Ken suggested we 'sorry' accounts that haven't been used for 10 years,
mainly to free up namespaces.  Bem said that wouldn't work because the
name would still be taken.  Bem and Gabe don't think we have a problem
with names and a guy had even taken the name "bob" only a few days
before.  Steve C says problems occur when a person's name ends with
"Chan."

Gabe said we don't have a problem with names or space; Ken said it's
just clutter.  Bem said the directory trees are already all messed up,
like with /opt/local.  Akop was wondering what was up with the "local"
part.  Akop was wondering if we should do rereg; Ken said maybe we
should.  Steve M said this dormany account thing could be a rereg
substitute.  The main difference is that rereg takes away accounts
people are using while this would just kill unused accounts.

Bem said the process is just as bad as rereg work-wise because you'd
have to check web/ftp/pop logs.  Akop said we could automate rereg but
this would be harder to automate.  Gabe was wondering what criteria we
should use.  Ken said we should send out an email.  Akop said we won't
find anyone over 10 years old.  Steve C said some people don't update
pages in a while.  Bem said we should do it if it's not too painful to
implement since it's a good idea.  Steve M said we should do an
indefinite postponement of this topic.

III. TDA?

Akop updated Steve M on what happened last meeting and said a few
people counted how many nodes we had while the rest of staff talked
about raising quotas.  Steve C suggested starting an MP3 server.  Bem
suggested putting on DeCSS.  Ken suggested we move to the next topic.

Steve C moved we create a space on the servers for MP3s (under
www.ocf/~mp3).  Ivan was wondering if this would conflict with
university policy.  Suzie commented, "This is why he won't get root."
Steve C said it's not illegal to create MP3 space because we won't be
regulating content.  Steve C said, "I mean, we have gay porn on
there."  Gabe was wondering who would approve this account; Steve C
suggested letting Eek approve it.  Bem suggested we move on with the
meeting, Ivan seconded.  Steve M asked Steve C if he had a motion, but
Steve C had no motion.  Eugene walked in, someone briefed him on the
idea, and Eugene said "Hell no".  Steve C then motioned we create a
user called "mp3" for MP3s with world-readable files and who has no
quota and a password "mpiii".  Jeff seconded it.  Steve M said there's
no DuMB so it's up to board.  Steve C's motion failed by acclamation.

IV. Meeting with CSUA?

Bem suggested asking CSUA to have a joint meeting via foodP after the
OCF meeting.  Steve M said we could also do something more formal.  Bem
suggested a ballroom dance.  Steve M said we could try planning this
out in advance a little bit.  Nothing was decided.

New Business

I. Gateway and homepages

Steve M said we need to discuss default Gateway homepages which Gateway
wanted in exchange for computers.  We decided last time that we didn't
want to be forced to do a default homepage with BoD approval.  Steve M
said Cordy already agreed to something apparently without us having to
agree to anything.  No one really knows what we'd have to do.  Akop
says he doesn't understand the concept of a default homepage, and it'd
be really hard to do.  Bem said Gateway doesn't understand that we
might not just run Windows on it.  Bem said the Gateways will run
Windows 2000 and Linux.  Eugene was wondering if they'd be login
servers; everyone said no.  Steve C said we should agree to the default
homepage because we shouldn't agree to something we can't implement.
Ivan suggested we can dangle a giant cow in the lab instead of doing
the default homepage.  Steve M was wondering if we should reject the
computers altogether.  Suzie suggusted telling Gateway that we can't
implement the default homepage but that we could loo

II. RC5 Proxy?

Ken says we should support campus distributed computing by having an
RC5 proxy.  Suzie said "Huh?"  Steve C said no one "gave a fuck."  Ken
said about half BoD would be interested in this, and it should be
server implemented.  Bem said Ken should talk to Akop.  Bem said the
board shouldn't touch it until Ken talks to Akop.

III. 'Bot' Policy?

Steve M said the policy doesn't specifically mention bots.  Akop says
our policy doesn't ban them.  Ken said our policy doesn't allow egg
bots.  Gabe said it only covered abusive bots.  Bem said we shouldn't
have a policy specifically against bots.  Akop says bad bots get
squished anyway.  Ken says there a newsreader on apocolypse right now,
and Bem said the root people would look into that.

The meeting was closed at 6:50.


Recorded by Wayne Kao (kaow).
