--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Open Computing Facility 
Board of Directors Meeting 
4 April 2000

Board of Directors members present:

Stephen Callahan (calman) 
Eugene Chan (ceugene) 
Ivan Jen (ivan) 
Devin Jones (jones) 
Bem Jones-Bey (ajani) 
Wayne Kao (kaow) 
Eugene Kim (eek)
Eddy Lu (eddylu) 
Stephen McCamant (smcc) 
Akop Pogosion (akopps) 
Susie Tang (suztang)

Others in attendance:

Brian W. Buchanan (brian@csua) 
Kenneth Ott (kenao) 
Nicholas Short

The meeting was opened at 5:45 pm.

Reports

I. GM Report

Steve M has turned in a budget request to the ASUC for $93,000.

II. SM Report

Akop says nothing special happened except the printer in Barrows
printed lots of nonsense.  Steve M says he crashed the computers by
trying to plug-in a serial terminal.  If you plug them in wrong, it
causes the computers to mess up NFS.  Steve M said he'll try not to
crash the computers anymore and maybe just try out serial termainals on
lab terminals.  Bem says Vadium has the TDA working for the XCF under
Linux, but won't share info about how to get it working.  Akop says we
got Solaris 8 CDs, and he said it'd be practical to run Solaris 7 on
the TDA.  Devin said the TDA's running some weird FreeBSD thing and he
said it wouldn't be worth the trouble to use that.  Bem, Akop, and
Devin talked about using RAID with the TDA since we can only use two
terrabytes at the time, and other student groups are taking parts of
the TDA.  Devin and Steve M said thinker.org doesn't expect us to host
their info anymore which makes things easier for us when we're setting
up the TDA.  Bem said no one on staff knows BSD.

New Business

I. New Lab progress

Steve M says the electricity is pretty much in.  We're short on money.
The server racks are in.  Ken says we have a web page about the new lab
with daily reports.  Devin says the people making the lab (Tom Baker,
ethernet/power guys) need constant attention.  They told Devin to come
by everyday.  Devin asked Bem and Akop and people "with a clue" to stop
by and help them.

II. Revised network info

Devin said he met with Monica Mac and Nolin Tong of CNS before spring
break and they hated the existing infrastructure in the wiring closet
(aka the women's bathroom) in the new lab.  They decided that the
current wiring had to be redone so Cordi's making it so the entrances
to the bathrooms will be in Heller which will require making new doors
and rerouting air conditioning, and we don't have to pay for it.  Devin
says we're going to grab a stretch of existing 10 megabit Eshleman net
and drag it up to Heller.  We'll only need a small amount of networking
equipment (< $1000).  Steve M says we might need to reclaim some IP
addresses that Ken gave away.  Akop's been concerned about having to
create an internal subnet but Devin says we might not need to.  Devin
says there are also rumors that they're upgrading the Sproul Hall
routers.

Steve C asked when the lab will be open.  Devin said we don't have
money to pay for net yet.  Ken says Cordi isn't volunteering to pay for
it anymore like he was before.  Ivan says Cordi's got his hands full
with Bear's Lair.

III. Reinbursements

Ken says we need an ethernet hub.  Akop says he needs $110 for the
Solaris CDs.  Devin says people just get this stuff in because the
ASUC's been taking money from our account.  Ken says we boght 6 boxes
of Hostess cupcakes, but Steve M doesn't think we can reimburse him for
that.  Akop says we might need to buy more "free" Solaris 8 CDs for
x86.  Akop also wants a pack of 10 magnetic tapes for backups.

Bem moves that we chop off Eugene's head.  Eugene seconded.  It passed
by acclaimation (I don't think it happened though).

IV. Budget

Steve M says we're not going to get all the money we want from the
ASUC.   The budget was passed around.

V. Fundraising

Steve M says we probably won't get more money from EECS; Devin says he
doesn't know.  We spent the money they gave us; we didn't spend it on
what they gave it to us for (we spend it on electricity instead of on
net).

Brian says he works for Desktop.com which is looking for marketing
opportunities.  Bem ruled out letting them put their icon on the
desktop or using their web site as the default homepage.  Devin says
we'd have to look into the legalities of corporate sponsorship.  Bem
says it's easier if they just sponsor something specific.  Akop said
Gateway was going to make a donation but the board rejected it when
they wanted Gateway.com to be the default homepage.

VI. Career Fair

Devin says another career fair won't happen by the end of the year
because we'd have to spend a lot of time finding companies that haven't
done a jobs fair this semester already, and also that companies will be
upset because the students that go to jobs fairs this late in the
semester are looking for internships, rather than employment.

VII. Decal.org and Mars by 2002

Nicholas asked whether OCF would host the decal.org web site.  It has
gotten 220,000 hits on one day (that's its max).  It's on a private
server now but it costs too much right now and it's a big hassle to
write checks.  Steve M says it wouldn't take up too much space.  Devin
says the ASUC bought us a disk which is why we gave them a gig of web
space.  No one else seems to remember them actually buying us a disk
though and the disk they have now was from the Sun donation.  Bem says
we can easily give Decal space.  Steve said it'll be ok since it's not
commercial and fits the OCF's general mission.  Devin proposed that we
host it, and grant them as much disk space as needed (currently
approximately 100 megs), everyone seconded it and it passed by
acclaimation.

For Mars 2002, Steve says we made the decision to colocate a little
hastily and we need the IP address.  We're also not sure about our
Barrows server room, so we're going to have to kick out Mars 2002
eventually.  Devin said they could potentially host their site on OCF
servers, but Brian said that'd be problematic.  Devin said we can get
any technology up that they need (except root), but it's likely we're
going to lose our lab over the summer so we won't be able to keep Mars'
computer up.  Ken suggested we move the Mars computer to Eshleman.  It
was concluded that we should move the server to 312 or 310 until we get
some 221 net and electricity in our new space.

VIII.  ASUC "Thingie"

Steve M says we can send some people to grill ASUC candidates after the
meeting.  Some board members volunteered to go after hearing there'd be
food there.  Ken's also wondering what happened to the ASUC web site
getting hosted on OCF.  Akop says she hasn't logged in yet.  Maybe she
tried FTP'ing in before logging in.

Old Business

I. Death file movement

Steve M says we should move the main OCF web page stuff on a file
system without quotas and link it in with symlinks.  That way people
who work on the OCF web site won't run out on their web quota.  Bem and
Devin liked the idea.  Akop suggested possibily nuking it and
repartitioning, but no one else liked that idea.  Steve M said this
would fall under Akop's job description.

II. Watching movies

This was discussed in staff mail.  Steve M said it didn't look like Ken
wanted to say anything about it.

III. Joint CSUA meetings

Dan S suggested Thursdays for informal meetings.  Some people have
proposed having the joint meetings replacing our regular meetings.  Bem
said he should do it over food.  Steve M said we'd discuss it more via
email with the CSUA folks.

IV. Board re-elections

Ken wants to join board.  Ken wanted to use secret ballot and Ben
seconded.  He was voted onto the board.

The meeting was closed at 6:55.


Recorded by Wayne Kao (kaow).
