Open Computing Facility
Board of Directors Meeting -- 2/29/2000
notes by Bem

Attendance:
ajani, eddylu,kaow, kenao, suztang, smcc, ceugene, ivan, jeffe, akopps, 
jones, castello, eek

GM Report
  Signed EECS MoU
  Working on getting unattended processes policy into the proper places
  Picked up application for funding

  kenao has been helping out with construction in Heller.

SM Report
  Did backups, need more tapes
  Warned the newsgroup spammer -- next time he will be sorried.
  May have staff orientation in March
  Web mail in progress -- may be some problems.
  
  Donations:
    eek: donated Sparc10,  486, and Mac Quadra
    SAO: donated a PowerMac

  Suggested that we start research on locks for machines for new lab
  Quotas have been incresed from 8 - 16 MB home dir.

Old Business
  Colocation - no more colocation until we get more resources

New Business
  Web virtual hosting policy
    Use current policy (Spring '99)
    If people ask for virtual hosting, give them the policy for info

  Group accounts policy
    Change group accounts policy to allow web information instead of a
    .plan file. Change:

    2.8) Group accounts are intended to build a sense of
    community. Therefore, we also require the following information in
    their .plan files:

    to:

    2.8) Group accounts are intended to build a sense of
    community. Therefore, we also require groups to make the following
    information available either in their .plan files or on their web
    page:

  Group_Accounts file:
    it should be updated by the staff member creating the group account

  E-mail aliases
    smcc ranted for awhile
    it was decided that to disambiguate things; gm, sm, wheel, and bod
    would be split into {list}-current, {list}-extras, and {list}-all

    for the moment, the current aliases would point to {list}-all, but
    if we find we are using {list}-current more than {list}, then we
    will change {list} to point to {list}-current.

