General Meeting, 5:30 PM, February 8, 2000, 104 Dwinelle

Meeting was called to order at 5:41 PM.

In attendance:
--------------
Bem Jones-Bey (ajani), Devin Jones (jones), Ken Ott (kenao), Katrina Templeton
(katster), Stephen McCamant (smcc), Eugene Chan (ceugene), Eugene Kim (eek),
Wayne Kao (kaow), Jeff Emrich (jeffe), Akop Pogosian (akopps), Susie Tang 
(suztang), Jason Castello (castello), Kasia Nowak (kasian?), Eddy Lu (eddylu).

General Manager Report:
-----------------------
	Jobs Fair: Was a big success, thanks to Devin and Ken.  Thanks guys!
		   Followup still needs to be done.  Devin is less bitter 
		   about the whole thing.  Ken got gift certificates for 
		   everybody who helped out.
	New Lab:  There will be a meeting on the 10th of February at 10 AM
		  concerning the new lab.

Site Manager Report:
--------------------
	Got keys from Alan.
	Applied patches to all machines last Sunday (Feb 6).  Much frustration
	over Solaris patching, much fun(?) was had by all.
	Elaine (chaos) volunteered to check the security of our passwds.
	Answering machine got unplugged, it is now plugged back in again.


Old Business:
-------------
	Constitution Amendment (making changes that SAS mandated):
		Bem moved to vote, Devin seconded.
		Amendment passed 10-1-0.
	DuMB:
		Only one person volunteered last general meeting to do the
		job.  A discussion proceeded on the best way to change the
		structure, namely:
			1) Send it to the Board
			2) a disk czar/czarina
			3) More power to the DuMB?

		After discussion on the above, where it was determined that
		we wanted to leave the lines of appeal to the Board open, and
		what more power for the DuMB would mean, Katrina asked if a 
		strawpoll could be taken to see if there would be any further
		volunteers for a Board with the power to grant large increases
		and actually change quotas.  The strawpoll was taken, and 
		nobody was willing to volunteer, which effectively left the 
		Board with just option 2.

		Bem moved to change the DuMB to a disk czar/czarina.  Suzie
		seconded the motion.
		
		Motion passed unanimously.

		Bem nominated Kat to the new position of disk czarina, Devin
		seconded the motion, Kat accepted.

		Motion passed unanimously.

 	(A ten minute break happened while everybody raided the pizza Devin 
	 brought.  Thank you to Devin.)

	Background policies:
		A half written policy by Luns Tee and the CSUA policy on 
		background processes were passed around and discussed.  
		After debate over what exactly this sort of policy 
		should entail, and how wordy it should be, Steven volunteered
		to look into it further.

	Other business was postponed to the Board meeting scheduled for the 
	following week.  Some discussion ensued over when to have the Board
	meeting, and it was agreed that the current time was best.

New Board:
----------
	Devin, Ken, Suzie, Eugene K., Eddy, and Kasia were nominated to the
	board.  All were elected.

Juristiction:
-------------
	Bem motioned to put things decided at this General Meeting back into 
	the juristiction of the Board, so that the Board may change things 
	decided at this general meeting.  Devin seconded.

	The motion passed unanimously.


Kat moved to close the general meeting, Devin seconded.
The meeting was closed at 6:33 PM.

The next Board meeting will be held in 104 Dwinelle on Tuesday, February 15
	at 5:30 PM.



		
--
minutes by Katster, onlining by Kenao [00.02.21]
