		    OCF Board of Directors Meeting
			   19 January 2000

Board members present:
	Stephen Callahan	(calman)
	Eugene Chan		(ceugene)
	Devin Jones		(jones) (co-gm)
	Bem Jones-Bey		(ajani)
	Eugene Kim		(eek)
	Stephen McCamant	(smcc)
	Ken Ott			(kenao) (co-gm)
	Akop Pogosian		(akopps) (acting sm)
	Suzie Tang		(suztang)
	Katrina Templeton	(katster) (sm)
        
Board members absent:
	(Board composition unknown due to previous missing minutes)

Others present:
	Mark Goodman		(mgoodman)
	Lei Shen		(ASUC Webmaster)
	Marco Nicosia		(marco)
	Wayne Kao		(kaow)
	Ivan Jen		(ivan)
        
The meeting was opened at about 5:15pm

Reports

	General Manager

	Devin reports that he's been working almost exclusively on
	recruiting companies for the upcoming jobs fair (Feb 2).
	Since the fair will be in Pauley Ballroom, there's room for
	about 120 companies. Out of about 200 companies that Devin
	has contacted, he's gotten responses from 42 so far, but he
	still needs help to find more startups. If you haven't
	gotten his email messages on the subject, email jones@ocf to 
	learn how you can help. Recruiting companies for the fair is 
	an important way for the OCF to fund the new lab.

	Later, Ken came in and discussed the progress of
	negotiations for the Heller Lounge lab. Ken and Devin missed
	a meeting about the project with ASUC building officials,
	but got filled in later. The process is being slowed by the
	need to rebid the contracts, especially related to the lab's 
	electrical needs. There was a discussion of how to reduce
	the peak power needs of the lab machines, servers, and the
	TDA by powering them up one by one, and some speculation
	about what would happen in event of a power
	outage.  Unfortunately it appears no work on the lab will
	start for at least 5 weeks, and some work may need
	to wait until Spring Break.

	Site Manager

	The OCF's machines all survived Y2K with no major problems,
	but Akop reported that were some incidents of computers
	malfunctioning after running out of space for log files. The
	mail server (war) also went down for an unknown reason last
	week, but came back to life again with no apparent problems.
	The CD writer in mudslide is just about ready to use, with a
	large /scratch partition available to store the data before
	writing to the disk, but documentation is needed, and a
	graphical interface would also be nice. The web server has
	been upgraded to a new version, and PHP and secure
	connections are now available for future projects.
	
Other Issues

	Lei Shen, the ASUC's webmaster, came for the beginning of
	the meeting and asked who she should coordinate with to move
	the ASUC's web page back to the OCF. A new disk has already
	been installed in the web server (death), and after the
	files have been transfered she'll work with Bem and Akop to
	reestablish DNS service.

	Several members suggested that board meetings on Wednesdays
	were not compatible with their schedules this semester, so
	it was decided to move the meetings to Mondays, and the next
	meeting will be on Monday the 24th.

	Ken had suggested on the board mailing list that the OCF
	purchase a digital camera, since the GMs have been spending
	a lot of time and money developing and scanning pictures for
	the webpage and other publicity. In discussing the issue
	today, however, there were some concerns about who the
	camera would be available to, and the danger of it being
	stolen. It was decided that the OCF should just continue to
	borrow a digital camera as it needs one.

	Because the attendance list for a board meeting last
	semester was lost, the board had to revote on a previous
	motion to allow an account for a non-Berkeley affiliated
	acquaintance to help with a user database and documentation
	project. The motion was passed by a unanimous acclamation.

	Finally, there was a short discussion of the
	background process / server process policy still being
	formulated. Several board members complained about IRC bots, 
	and Kat explained how users had had their accounts disabled
	in the past for running servers, under an existing policy
	prohibiting excessive resource use. Everyone seemed to agree 
	that such a policy is needed.

The meeting was closed at about 6:05pm.


