		    OCF Board of Directors Meeting
			   24 January 2000

Board members present:
	Stephen Callahan	(calman)
	Eugene Chan		(ceugene)
	Eugene Kim		(eek)
	Stephen McCamant	(smcc)
	Ken Ott			(kenao) (co-gm)
	Akop Pogosian		(akopps) (acting sm)
	Katrina Templeton	(katster) (sm)
        
Board members absent:
	Devin Jones		(jones) (co-gm)
	Bem Jones-Bey		(ajani)
	Suzie Tang		(suztang)

Others present:
	Jeff Emrich		(jeffe)
	Ivan Jen		(ivan)
	Wayne Kao		(kaow)
	Marco Nicosia		(marco)
        
The meeting was opened at about 5:45pm

Proposed Constitutional Amendment

	Stephen McCamant presented the board with a proposal for an
	amendment to update the constitution's non-discrimination
	clause:

	Current language:
	----------------

	7.1 Nondiscrimination 

	The OCF shall not discriminate in any way against any person
	by race, color, religion, marital status, national origin,
	sex, age, sexual orientation, handicap, college major or
	political activity.


	Proposed new language:
	---------------------

	7.1 Non-discrimination

	7.1.1 In Accord with Berkeley Campus Regulations

	The OCF shall not restrict membership or otherwise
	discriminate in any way against any person or group on the
	basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex,
	physical or mental disability, medical condition
	(cancer-related or genetic characteristics), ancestry,
	marital status, age, sexual orientation, citizenship or
	status as a covered veteran (special disabled veteran,
	Vietnam-era veteran or any other veteran who served on
	active duty during a war or in a campaign or expedition for
	which a campaign badge has been authorized).

	7.1.2 Fields of Study

	The OCF shall not restrict membership or otherwise
	discriminate in any way against any person or group on the
	basis of college major or field of study. However, this
	section shall not be construed as restricting the OCF from
	providing separate facilities for different uses, as long as
	the availability of such facilities is proportionate to
	demand among the OCF's current and potential users.

	7.1.3 Political Activity

	The OCF shall not restrict membership or otherwise
	discriminate in any way against any person or group on the
	basis of political activity.

	---- (End of amendment)

	No action was needed on the amendment; it was just presented 
	to the board in accordance with the requirements of the
	constitution for amendments, and will be voted on at the
	upcoming General Meeting.

Startups Jobs Fair

	Progress continues on the 2/2/2000 High-Tech Startups Job
	Fair. Ken explained that the fair is being produced in
	association with CollegeHire.com (itself a startup), who is
	helping to pay for promotion. Ken asked for help in choosing
	things to buy and give away as prizes for submitting resumes 
	at the fair; some things that were suggested included an
	iMac, a Rio MP3 player, and a Playstation or Dreamcast video 
	game console.

	Ivan Jen asked whether buying prizes was a useful way to
	promote the fair, since we might attract a lot of people who
	aren't really interested in getting jobs with our
	companies. Ken went on to explain that the prizes would be
	open only to students who had submitted resumes, which
	should reduce the incentive for abuse. There was also an
	inconclusive discussion of how to run the raffle. Also in
	the OCF's budget for the event are several days worth of ads
	in the Daily Cal and pizza and drinks at the event.

New (Heller Lounge) Lab

	Devin and Ken met with ASUC officials and our new Project
	Manager on Friday and again on Monday. We've been delegated
	some control over the installation of electricity, which
	should help the project go faster. There was also some
	discussion of how much to staff the new lab; we certainly
	won't be able to supply staffers 24 hours a day, but we may
	be able to make up for it by provide more help information
	for users, both on and off line.

Other

	There was a short discussion of the current colocation
	agreement between the OCF and the Mars by 2012 student
	group. According to our latest colocation policy, Mars by
	2012 must reapply to continue the arrangement each semester, 
	but it was decided that that issue should be left to the
	new board elected at next week's General Meeting. The
	arrangement was supposed to be temporary, while Mars by 2012 
	secured departmental sponsorship, but we haven't heard if
	they've accomplished that. Akop suggested that we should
	only provide colocation to groups that are actively looking
	for another place.

	Akop also suggested two web projects that would be
	beneficial to the OCF -- one is a system (perhaps based on
	HyperMail) to archive mail sent to the staff@ocf and or
	admin@ocf lists, which could perhaps become a sort of
	trouble ticket system, which would keep track of problems
	from users and prevent problems from `falling through the
	cracks'. Another idea was a software map, which would list
	the various software, such as text editors and mail readers, 
	available on the OCF, along with links to documentation and
	external program websites.

	Finally, Ken suggested that a useful feature for the OCF to
	have would be the capability to upload and manipulate files
	with a web interface, which could allow users to set up a
	web site without needing to learn too much about Unix.
	After users become more skilled with the web interface,
	however, we could have the system automatically give them
	hints about how they could get things done more quickly from 
	the command line.

The meeting was closed at about 7:00pm.


