--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Open Computing Facility
Board of Directors Meeting
14 March 2000

Board of Directors members present:

Stephen Callahan (calman)
Jason Castello (castello)
Eugene Chan (ceugene)
Gabriel Gonzalez (gmg)
Ivan Jen (ivan)
Bem Jones-Bey (ajani)
Wayne Kao (kaow)
Eugene Kim (eek)
Stephen McCamant (smcc)
Akop Pogosion (akopps)
Susie Tang (suztang)

Others in attendance:

Wayne Chan (wyc)
Gabe Green (ggreen)
Justine Lam (justine)
Daniel C. Silverstein (dans@csua)

The meeting was opened at 6:40 pm

I. GM Report

Stephen McCamant says lots of stuff going on with building the new lab.  
We got one low bid on electrical contract but then the bid was withdrawn.  
Akop said the electrical bid would be lower if we didn't need the Tertiary
Disk Array (TDA).  There was a meeting last Friday about the lab.  The
EECS MoU money should be transferred into the project fund soon and we
have an account number for that.  We had some discussions about the layout
of the new lab by email.  There will be tables around the edges of the lab
custom-built by Tom Baker, and an island in the middle.  But this isn't an
efficient use of space.  We're also having some problems doing the
networking.

There was a chair buying expedition.  Eugene Chan reported that they're
trying to decide between cheaper consumer-grade chairs temporarily or
buying good ones now.  Both types of chair are faily nice.  The good
chairs are refubrished but they won't be available for a while since
they're still working on them.  Dan Silverstein says ergonomic chairs
haven't been proved yet.  Aisle space is nice, but you can live without
it.  Bem said these chairs wouldn't fit in the lab.  Gabriel Gonzalez said
there won't be aisle space and new chairs would actually be cheaper.  
Steve M said we might want to wait until Devin and Ken are here before
deciding anything.

II. SM Report

Akop's wondering if we're providing Majordomo lists and Steve M said yes,
but Akop says we don't currently have any instructions available.  Maybe
we can steal UC Link's instructions.  Steve M says Majordomo used to be
Luns' domain and people would ask us to create a list.  Bem said he's
created some lists before but doesn't know how to use Majordomo.  Akop
says we need to give procmail instructions on our web site.

One of our users got their password sniffed.  There was a spam alert today
too because KALX supposedly sent out spam using their account.  Akop is
going to put up password-changing info for non-root staff and Bem said he
already has some information about the utility available in his home
directory.  We going to get rid of non-secure services on lab machines.
Steve M says the reason we have these services running in the first place
because the OCF hasn't always had a client/server model.

III. ~dsafaria

Dan says something that complicated this situation for the Computer
Science Undergraduate Assocation (CSUA) is that they get their net from
EECS and EECS forced them to squish dsafaria or lose their net connection
since it might be offensive to women.  They couldn't argue with that.  
They're trying to change the EECS person Ruth Toby's mind but haven't been
too successful.

The consensus of most of the board was there's no reason for the OCF to
squish him (close his account).  Ivan still thinks we should squish him
but supposedly Ken changed his position.  He's currently using 40% of our
web bandwidth according to Bem and Akop said this is negligible.  Dan's
wondering if we'll get blamed for using too much bandwidth.  Bem says no
way.  Steve M said we won't be doing any censoring today.  Steve C said we
shouldn't keep wasting our time talking about this.  Steve C says maybe we
sould pass a resolution to stop discussing this topic or else it'll just
keep coming up, but Dans says we don't need to make a resolution and we
should just stop talking about it which is within Steve M's power.  We
informally agreed to just stop talking about it.

IV. Mars By 2012

The Mars By 2012 contact Brian has still not made it to a board of
directors meeting.  Eugene said maybe we should unplug him since he hasn't
shown up. Steve M gave some background information about Mars 2002 for
those who hadn't been to previous meetings.  They're still using our last
IP address. We want to talk to him about this issue.  Steve says he has
contacted him and Eugene says he has written back.  Steve says he has
written saying he has been unable to make a meeting, and that he will send
him a sterner letter at Dan's suggestion, telling him to come to the next
board meeting or the computer's getting disconnected.  It's in the user
agreement Brian agreed to that we can take his computer if he doesn't
come.

V. Approve purchases for new lab

Steve M asked for suggestions about thing we need to buy for the new lab.
Money has been transferred into the project fund and we can decide how we
want to spend the miscellaneous fund.  No one had suggestions.

VI. Micronet group account

Micronet is a faculty and staff organization and BoD need to approve their
account application.  The board discussed a tangent about math professors
and TAs.  Bem motioned that we approve the account.  Gabriel seconded.  
The motion was approved by acclamation.

VII. CSUA-OCF Joint meetings

Steve M says we can meet at the same time and have a joint account so we
can discuss mutual issues.  Dans said CSUA != CSU.  He gave a speal about
the CSUA and what they do and some of their services like donut holes,
speakers, and movies.  They provide some computing services.  Their alums
usually stick around.  Dans likes the idea of a joint meeting, and says
it'll be somewhat of a hassle to cooperate without having a joint meeting
since our meetings conflict.  Maybe we could even eat during these joint
meetings somewhere informally.  We agreed to meet informally with the CSUA
on Thursdays, probably after spring break.

VIII. Moving meetings to 217 Eshleman

Steve C says we should move them to our Eshleman lab.  Eugene C says we
can move them to Tolman or Soda.  The board usually walks back and forth
to Eshleman anyhow.  Steve M says he likes the table and chairs in
Dwinelle, and it's separate from the computers so there aren't
distractions.  Steve C says we're already in Eshleman and we'd have the
computers so we can do stuff while we're discussing.  Someone could type
up the minutes in the lab. Steve M says we could eat in there too.  
Justine says it's hard to find the current meeting room.  Steve M says
maybe we could rearrange things on the web site so it's easier to find the
time and location.  Suzie motions to close discussion and vote on it and
Gabriel seconded it.  The oral vote was close so Steve said we should
raise our hands.  Five BoD members favored the move to Eshleman, four
opposed it.  So... the motion carried and future BoD meetings will be held
in 217 Eshleman.

IX. New BoD members

Eugene C motioned we do appointments by secret ballot but there was no
second.  Justine was appointed to board unanimously.

X. Meeting close

Susie moved to close the meeting.  Bem seconded.  The meeting was closed
by acclamation.


Recorded by Wayne Kao (kaow).
