--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Open Computing Facility
Board of Directors Meeting
21 March 2000

Board of Directors members present:

Stephen Callahan (calman)
Jason Castello (castello)
Eugene Chan (ceugene)
Jeff Emrich (jeffe)
Gabriel Gonzalez (gmg)
Bem Jones-Bey (ajani)
Ivan Jen (ivan)
Devin Jones (jones)
Wayne Kao (kaow)
Eugene Kim (eek)
Eddy Lu (eddylu)
Stephen McCamant (smcc)
Akop Pogosion (akopps)
Susie Tang (suztang)

Others in attendance:

None.

The meeting was opened at 6:50 pm.  It was opened with only 11 board
members present, without quorum.

I. GM Report

Steve says the new lab's coming along but it's unlikely that we'll get
more money from the ASUC, at least now.  Devin agreed with that
assessment.  Ivan says we have more clout with the ASUC than we may
think because we could threaten that without money (like $20,000)
people's web pages would get shut down which is true.  Many individuals
and groups use OCF web space and wouldn't be happy about that.  Ivan's
thinking we might do an emergency submission for more money which would
have political impact because it would make the Daily Cal right before
ASUC elections after spring break.  The other alternative is to wait
until after elections like ASUC president Patrick Campbell suggested we
do to avoid political implications.  Ivan noted that though that if
this ends up as a political debate and we end up on the wrong side, we
could end up with nothing.

We do need more money for air conditioning and a faster internet feed.
Air conditioning would be a pain to setup later according to Devin.
Devin also said we'd lose our network connection this summer after
losing our Barrows office.  Steve M said we could move the servers into
Eshleman, but they probably wouldn't let us.  Bem says if we don't have
internet before summer, everything would be down over the summer and
into fall.  Ivan says this would help our case in getting money from
the ASUC, even if it is somewhat of a political gamble.

Ivan proposed that we try to get more funding and Steve C seconded.
Bem said we needed net and this was very important.  Heating's not as
important.  We couldn't vote without quorum though.  Our budget's also
due soon according to Ivan.  Bem said we had problems because people
who bid backed out.  Devin gave some examples of bidders who had backed
out so it went from $17,000 to $48,000 and they used $10,000 of our
money to improve the entire building.  Devin said there was nothing we
could do about it.  Steve C's electric MP3 player starting playing
weird music at this point.  Devin said we need $20,000 for net, and
maybe air conditioning.  Without air conditioning we can't put up the
TDA because it might burn up.  With $40,000, we could do both.  Ivan
needs numbers from Ken in order to try to get us more money.  We can't
even afford computers and chairs.  Devin's been trying to contact
Richard Watson to see when he can do another fund raiser in the fall
but it doesn't look promising right now.  Ivan's tryi

Someone called and Steve M answered the phone and said more board
members were on their way to the meeting.

II. SM Report

Akop said nothing special had happened.  Akop gave up on the spam alert
about KALX because KALX said the emails they sent were only to people
who wanted them.  Akop ordered the Solaris 7 and 8 CDs and started
setting up servers and upgrading stuff.  Steve M been working on
getting NIS+ working on volcano.  Akop reported Luns modified the UFS
dump to use SSH.

III. Disk Quotas

Steve M said our disk czarina Kat has been preoccupied so Steve wanted
to present some quota issues directly to the board:

1.  The Vietnamese Student Association

The Vietnamese Student Association has two accounts, their main group
one and one additional one for their culture show.  It was
controversial because they really shouldn't have two accounts.  Susie
was there when the account was initially approved and didn't understand
why we didn't just up the quota on their first account.  Steve M said
they do their show in May and want to do audio-visual stuff but can't
fit it in their eight megs of quota.  Steve M said they couldn't even
upload one of their test files.  If it were just the DuMB, we could at
most double the quota.  Steve M said we could just cancel the space
after May but Devin asked, wouldn't they want the stuff to show after
May.  Devin said it sounds really reasonable (as reasonable as these
kind of requests go) and said this would support the public service
mission of the university.  Ivan said they'll ask for more space year
after year though.  Bem said we could give it to them once and tell
them to archive it elsewhere if they want to do it in the

2.  ceugene

Bem said Ken asked him to up Eugene's quota.  Jason said Eugene hosts
JPEGs for the OCF in his directory.  Bem confirmed this.  Akop was
wondering how much he wants.  Steve M said he just wanted more.  Devin
said his overall web quota's going up since all the web stuff,
including the OCF web site stuff, is under a user's web quota.  Steve M
said he's updated the HTML version of the constitution (not the
Postscript and troff version), but he said that that was off-topic.
Steve M suggested we just fix how quotas are calculated.  Devin said
our tradition was that staff who contribute shouldn't have rigid
quotas.  Akop added Jenni C sometimes runs out of mail quota because
she's on the postmaster list.  Akop said people who do OCF projects
should have their general quotas updated.  Steve M said it's not an
ideal solution but it's the best one for now.  Akop said he hit some
errors while compiling but it was because he had run out of space.  Bem
said doing the home directories would be less likely to run out of

Steve M said we can't do anything about the quota though since we can't
vote on it.

IV. Budget Stuff

Steve M said it's due tomorrow though he isn't sure at what time.  He's
trying to figure how much many members we have:

% ls /var/mail | wc 5500 Of those, 5000 are valid shells, excluding
those who are sorried, and can log in

Devin looked at the mail logs and calculated who can still receive
mail, but Akop said that's unreliable.  Steve M said some people don't
use their mail but use their mail.  He said 8000 people were approved
since 1994 but that might be unreliable.  The approve log shows 1200.
A third to a fourth of those are still students.  It's still hard to
figure out how many student users we have.  Bem said we serve a few
thousand current students which is awesome, maybe 2500 total.  Devin
said he got similar numbers from the mail logs.. about a third of
5,000.  Akop said some people don't log in and use POP mail; Devin said
he accounted for that.

Steve M said we aren't anticipating doing fund-raising next year so
that'll get us more money from the ASUC.  Devin, who's lead a lot of
previous fundraising, doesn't see us doing more fund raising next year
because it's a big hassle and he can't even setup a date and he's about
to just give up because what the hell.  Ivan said we made lots of money
this year only because we were fundraising for the new lab.

V. The user who Ivan approved

Ivan approved an account for Danny Lee who is taking the semester off
and coming back.  Devin said that fits the definition of a student.
Steve M doesn't know what he'd show us.  Bem said he can bring in his
intent to register form, or Devin said he can bring in a bill.  Bem
said to just let him.  Devin said to just tell him to go to the CSUA.
Devin and Bem said to just let him slide, but Steve M said we don't
have quorum.  Devin said we have 11 people (we need 12).  Steve M said
we can take comfort in the fact Ken is going to be dropped, Darin too.

V. Location of BoD Meetings

We don't have quorum so this means we're stuck in Eshleman because we
can't vote out way back to Dwinelle.  We started arguing about rounding
up people to make quorum.  Devin said the constitution says we have to
round up.  Steve M said we can do an email vote later on the mailing
list.

VI. Closing

The meeting was unofficially closed and I went to the i-games thing at
West Pauley.  Apparently more people showed up to the meeting which
hadn't been closed so we had quorum and the meeting was voted back to
Dwinelle. The meeting was closed.




Recorded by Wayne Kao (kaow).
