OCF Board of Directors
2016-02-09
Meeting called to order at 7:10pm

Directors in attendance:
 - ckuehl
 - nickimp
 - ldw
 - willh
 - tmochida
 - tnn
 - ryao
 - andycui
 - shasan
 - peterwu
 - mprat
 - kpengboy
 - kuoh
 - jvperrin
 - trliu
 - kevinma
 - mattmcal
 - shaurya
 - tianrui
 - shichenh
 - ajh
 - abizer
 - zdong
 - wml
 - clementn

 - Revision of printing quotas
    We have ~$5000 left this semester for printing, plus some leftover supplies.
    Given that we printed $8800 last semester, and if we keep to the status quo
    we are expected to spend even more this semester due to higher demand in the
    larger lab, we need to cut printing to make up a deficit of ~$2000-$3000.

    A detailed analysis of expenses can be found at
    https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~staff/bod/2016/Spring/2016-02-09.annex.html.

    - What should we cut weekday quotas to?
       - Viable proposals: 8, 10
       - The GM proposes 8 pages
          - If possible then we can raise it back up to 10 pages (better to not
            have to cut multiple times this semester)
          - No objection
    - What should we cut weekend quotas to?
       - Viable proposals: 16, 20
       - The GM proposes 16 pages
       	  - This preserves "weekend quota is twice weekday quota"
	  - Allows people to print 8 double-sided pages (compared to 15)
          - No objection
    - What should we cut semesterly quotas to?
       - Viable proposals: 75, 100, 125
       - The GM proposes 100 pages
          - Only ~5% more users affected than a 125 page quota
          - Saves ~$400 more than a 125 page quota
          - Can also raise later
       - andycui proposes 75 pages
          - Extra money
          - nickimp: too drastic
    - How to recalculate members' semesterly quotas?
       - min(new semesterly quota, their current semesterly quota)?
       - Reset everyone's semesterly quota to new semesterly quota?
    - Summary of budget savings under the various proposals
       - Semesterly:
           100: $1224
           125: $ 841
            75: $1706
       - Weekday:
            10: $ 623
             8: $1067
            12: $ 284
       - Weekend:
            20: $ 253
            16: $ 464
            10: $ 724
    - Results of voting
       - Weekday: 8 (unanimous)
       - Weekend: 16 (unanimous)
       - What to cut the semesterly quota to: min (unanimous)
       - Semesterly:
          - 75 (2)
          - 100 (everyone else) <==
    - Thus, it is estimated that we can save ~$2755 this semester (multiply by
      1.5x at will)
    - The Board may choose to review the effects of these quotas later in the
      semester.
 - The SMs present to new staff members the RT system, our GitHub repositories,
   and our documentation page
 - Spring tech fund proposals
    - We get 2 x $5000 grants
    - ckuehl proposes:
       - $5000 for the chassis of a new server
       - ~8 new monitors
 - Let the FAFSA guy use the TV?
    - No objection
 - mattmcal discusses staff hours
 - We are holding a CS:GO etc. staff party on Sunday
    - The Chair rejects a proposal to ban ckuehl from using AKs
    - The GM recommends that staffers with midterms study during the morning
      on that day

Meeting is adjourned at 8:21pm.
