Date: Thu, 16 Feb 89 21:32:24 -0800
From: muir@postgres.Berkeley.Edu (David Muir Sharnoff)
To: ocf@widow
Subject: minites.  




Minites of the OCF Board Of Directors Meeting 2/16/89

Board Members Attending:

	Adam Glass
	Adam Richter
	Dave Muir Sharnoff
	Drew Dean
	Gretchen Stude
	Marc Hertlein
	Partha S. Banerjee
	Peter Shipley	
	Robert Cullmann	
	Ron Woan

Board Members Absent:

	Antony Courtney
	Chris Williams	
	Cimarron Taylor	

Guests Attending:

	Rob Robertson

It was resolved that:

	next week's meeting will be held at 6:00pm on Thursday.

Nobody wanted to be secretary so:
	
	David Sharnoff volunteered for this one meeting with the
	understanding that it would rotate henceforth.

Drew Dean & Robert Cullmann will be attending the Apollo training 
	session next week.

An updated version of the proposed bylaws shall be found, edited,
	updated, and brought to the next meeting by

	Adam Glass
	Adam Richter
	David Sharoff
	Partha Banerjee

The Berkeley Computing Bullitain wants to run an article about us
	(they are CFC's newsletter).  It will be written by

	Adam Glass
	Adam Richter
	Drew Dean
	Partha Banerjee
	Robert Cullmann	

We will wait for the machines to arrive before contacting the Daily Cal.
	We should give the Daily Cal something good when we do.


Evidently the proposed donation was being reviewed by some grant office
	and has been sent back to Hardyck

There is some chance that we will be able to get the State of CA to
	"match funds" on the donation with funny money if we can convince
	them that we are a research group.  Sharon Wensel is looking
	into it.   This is not a very likely event and should be kept
	quite.

Nory is going to be asked to give us the password ocf@widow account by
	
	Brian Harvey
	Partha Banerjee
	Peter Shipley

For the time being, the OCF document archive will reside in Partha's account

It was deemed desireable that when someone asks for an account, they
	also get access to the New York Times clipping service at MIT
	and get an account on CMSA.

The etiquette document brought to the meeting by Adam Richter was examined:
	
	it was decided that we didn't care if it said "multiplayer games"
	or just "games"

	it was decided that the document was good enough for now.  It
	isn't perfect, but we don't need to hurry to finish it.  It
	was suggested that each person read it and try to come up with
	some more "rules" for next meeting.

The policy document brought to the meeting by Adam Richter was examined:

	the word "protagonist" shoudl be replaced with "affected" (and
	the rest of the sentence rewritten.

	it was noted that "OCF staff" hasn't been defined yet, but it was
	felt that this wasn't important because they would be defined in
	due course.

	it was noted that the document lacked numbers.  they will be added.

Both documents are still in the care of Adam Richter and he will bring
	new versions to the next meeting.


It was decided that a "one person, one account" policy should be made.

It was decided that "sharing of accounts is discouraged and that
	you are repsoncible for anything that anyone else does on 
	your account"

It was decided that a bylaw like "OCF Staff must adhere to the OCF
	Staff Policy as set out by the OCF Board of Directors"

It was decided that group & research accounts would be allowed.

It was suggested that if possible, the people going to the training
	sessions should try to bring back any documentation that they
	can that won't be easy to get later.

It was deemed desireable that we have ditroff, TeX and CAD tools.  
	Adam Glass volunteered to take care of TeX.

It was decided that we invite Sweenies(sp!!!) group down to use the
	equipment so that we can claim they are being used for
	research purposes.

The meeting evaporated.
