Date: Thu, 23 Feb 89 23:10:17 PST
From: adamj@WEB.Berkeley.Edu
To: ocf
Subject: Minutes of our second meeting, 2/23/89


		The Minutes of Open Computer Facility's
		    2nd Board Of Directors Meeting
			  1989 FEBRUARY 23

	NEXT MEETING: 6:00pm, 608-7 Evans, Thursday 1989 March 2.


	Directors in Attendance:
		Partha S. Banerjee
		Robert Cullmann
		Marc Hertlein
		Drew Dean
		Adam Glass
		Adam J. Richter
		Sean Rouse
		David Muir Sharnoff
		Cimarron Taylor
		Gretchen Stude
		Peter Shipley
		Ron Woan

	Directors absent:
		Antony Courtney
		Chris Williams

	Guests attending:
		Robert Robertson

	The meeting was called to order at 6:00pm.

HARDWARE STATUS:
	 Prof. Hardyck's office has signed everything that it knows it
has to sign in order for the donation to proceed.  Unfortunately, Tom
Noll, unaware of the situation, left town this week.  Things should
proceed on Monday.

CCS MEETINGS:
	Partha is going to ask Brian Harvey or Nory Ison about the
possibility of having an OCF representative attend the CCS/CS/Math
web administration meetings.

NEW ACCOUNTS:
	We decided to attempt to procure a database of all registered
students and their registration numbers so that we could automatically
create accounts.  We also decided that all users will be required to
sign an as-yet-unspecified statement saying that they would abide by
OCF rules.

OCF USER POLICY AND COMPUTER ETIQUETTE:
	Adam Richter's proposed OCF User Policy document and OCF
Computer Etiquette document is going to be discussed and rewritten by
interested parties, and brought another OCF board meeting, hopefully
the next one.

BYLAWS:
	The OCF adopted a set of bylaws which are intended to further
define the implementation of the OCF bureaucracy.  These bylaws take
effect after the board meeting, meaning that no directors will
automatically removed until they have missed the next meeting and the
meeting following that.

	The adopted bylaws are as follows between the dashed lines:

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.   The  General  Manager  and  the  Site  Managers  cannot
     appoint directors except when the OCF is not in session
     and the Board of Directors cannot make a quorum because
     there are fewer than five directors in town.

2.   The OCF Board of Directors shall meet weekly.

3.   Any  Director   missing   two   consecutive   regularly
     scheduled meetings will be removed from the Board.

4.   OCF Board meetings must be announced to  all  Directors
     at least twenty-four hours in advance.

5.   Resolutions by the Board of Directors can be put  to  a
     vote  electronically.  When putting a resolution to the
     Board  in  this  manner,  all  Board  members  must  be
     included  in  the  request for votes.  To pass an issue
     this way, at least half of all the Board  members  must
     agree.   If  the  motion  fails  to  achieve a majority
     within seventy-two hours of  being  called  to  such  a
     vote,  the  motion fails.  The results of the vote will
     be posted in role call form.

6.   Attendance lists and minutes for all OCF meetings shall
     be  maintained  for the decisions of that meeting to be
     valid.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

	The meeting adjourned at 9:00pm.
	Meeting transcribed by Adam J. Richter.

	REMINDER:
	NEXT MEETING: 6:00pm, 608-7 Evans, Thursday 1989 March 2.

	We do not guaranteed that the meeting will gravitate to a
	restaurant next time.
