From: cimarron@postgres.Berkeley.EDU (Cimarron D. Taylor <cimarron@postgres.Berkeley.Edu>)
To: ocf@widow.Berkeley.Edu
Cc: cimarron@postgres.Berkeley.Edu
Subject: minutes of OCF meeting 3/30
Date: Mon, 03 Apr 89 13:33:19 PDT


Minutes of the OCF meeting
Thu Mar 30 18:08:19 PST 1989

Attendence:
	Robert Cullham
	Partha Banerjee
	Marc Hertlein
	Gretchen Stude
	Shelly Louie
	Sean Rouse
	Antony Courtney
	Ron Woan
	Adam Glass
	Rob Robertson
	Cimarron Taylor
	Mark Hastings
	Jeff Wallace
	Mike Kiernan
	Kurt Pires
	Drew Dean

Those arriveing late:
	Adam Richter
	Peter Shipley
	Dave Sharnoff

Discussion:

    Spring Elections
	After some discussion, it was decided that elections would be
	held at a General Meeting of the OCF on thursday, April 6th at
	6pm in 608-7 evans.  The meeting will follow the CSUA meeting
	(which starts at 5:45).  Ben Chen is thought to be in charge
	of publicity for this event.  

	There was some debate regarding the board of directors
	elections.  Some of the problems discussed were:

	    * the purpose and function of the board of directors was
	      not well explained
	    * the "a majority is required to prevent someone from
	      being on the board" process stinks
	    * everyone should be allowed to speak for at least 1
	      minute and some sort of public acclaimation should be
	      needed.
	    * should the board have a fixed size?

	These issues were deffered to the next general meeting.

	Peter Shipley wanted it announced that he is running for
	re-election as Site Manager although he will be unable to
	attend the next meeting.  He may have someone read a statement
	in his behalf though.

    Apollo Status
	People asked "any news on the apollos". Drew says that there
	is some new person (eric something) from apollo assigned to
	handle our account. Nobody had contacted him so Robert Cullman
	volunteered to contact him.  

	Partha predicted the machines would arrive in the middle of
	april and there was discussion about concerning when the
	facility would be officially opened. The general agreement was
	that we should try to have a "fully operational" facility by
	the first day of the fall semester.

    Assigned Duties
	There was some discussion regarding duties previously assigned
	to people (generating documentation for new users type stuff).
	It was felt that this is unimportant now and that someone
	should be assigned to manage the project when the time comes..
	Gretchen volunteered to do this.

    Policies
	Adam R. raised the issue of the OCF policies statement. After
	much argument it was decided that paragraphs 1 and 2 needed
	rewriting.  A majority of people felt that explicitly
	assigning punishments in the policy guidelines was a bad idea.
	There was debate regarding definitions of "harrassment" and
	"security breach".  It was finally decided that Partha would
	collect policy revision suggestions until saturday and that
	we would revise the OCF policies at the next meeting.

	Adam will create a ~adamj/ocf-adopted directory for stuff.

    Next week's General Meeting
	Partha agreed to put together an adgenda for next week's
	meeting.

The meeting adjourned 
Thu Mar 30 19:27:01 PST 1989


	Cim


----------------------------------------------------------------
The unofficial notes of the meeting:

	When do we want the spring elections? 
	- const. says next week
	- csua meeting happens just before it
	(csua does not know when it's election is though)
	- csua meeting will be at 5:45
	- ocf general meeting will be at 6:00 next thurs
        (in lieu of a board meeting)
	- ben chen will handle publicity?
	- next meeting: elections
	elections are well understood but
	we need to explain what the board is better next time

	- adam likes the it was done the last time
	  (a majority was required to prevent you from becoming a member)
	- psb thinks we need some sort of public acalimations
	- rob thinks it stinks
	- adam glass wants everyone to speak for at least 1 min to make
	  a policy statement
	- drew: Q: are we electing according to policy or do we just need
	  to keep people off the board.
	- psb: many of the no votes were arbitrary last time.
	- slouie: are we going to keep unknown size of the board
	- proposed: limit the board to half the size of the membership
	- adam: n slots seems arbitrary
	- slouie: the larger the board the less that gets done
	- drew: unitl size is a problem, wy worry..

	- what did we achieve 2 week ago?
	(everyone agreed to do stuff which everyone flaked out on..)
	- we made trivial decisions (mini-grant)
	- junior system admisistrator?
	- designed documentation system?
	- psb discussed if people liked the way the meetings were going
	- adam -- ocf board is almost = to ocf volunteer pool
	- psb: let's defer this to next general meeting
	(consider an amendment then)
	- any new news on apollos?
	- eric kruegerhaus? 
	nobody got a hold of him
	- drew: eric was assigned the account
	- we need to get a hold of him..
	- robert c will do this.
	(activity by ccs indicates they may come soon)
	psb predicts middle of april.
	- when we get machines, who gets informed? when?
	- psb: we dont touch until installed
	- robert: we should have people there when they are installed.
	- psb: at some point we need to look at summer plans
	- finals will be a problem.
	ron: nice to have the machines up and running asap
	- adam r: we want to say to hardyck: ob day one of semester
	  we will have a fully operatable system:
	- plan for first day of fall semester for fully operable..
	- we don't want people bitching before the system is fully
	  operable (define unsupported to these people)
	other concerns about next week's meeting?
	- psb will try to put together an agenda for next meeting.
	shelly castigates ocf.
	- Q: who is supposed to do what?
        - adamj: last meeting: we agreed to:
		1 page listing describing unix 
		some exitor info
		some window system info
		synopsis of ocf structure
		info on help sessions
		(etc)
	- me: we need a manager for this when the time comes.
	- gretchen would volunteer.
	peter arrives very late Thu Mar 30 18:41:29 PST 1989
	gretchen will just do something like unix for people
	- adam glass asked to be withdrawn from volunteers list
	dave muir arrives Very Very Late: Thu Mar 30 18:44:15 PST 1989
	- adam r. passed around our policies and opend this can of worms again.
	
	1) we can do anything we can justify. (if we make exceptions to
	   the policy that is)

	2) punishment == attend bod meeting?

	there might be a problem with (1) in harrassment
	dave: spelling out punishment is a bad idea
	adamr: punishment should fit the crime
	psb: (1) should be rewritten
	"pranks taken as seriously as the affected party" has problems
	agreed: the sentence "In that case" has to go from (1)
	
	(2) everything after some point (2nd or 3rd sentence) should
          be deleted. 
	- Q: what is ocf staff?
	security was argued and nothing was resolved
	kj, jeff wallace, mark hastings, and mike k left
	Thu Mar 30 19:05:19 PST 1989
	- adam will create a ~adamj/ocf-adopted directory for stuff.
	meeting degenerated rapidly.
	- it was felt by over a 2 thirds majority that explicitly
	  stating punishments is a bad idea.
	definition: security violation vs. prank
	10 minutes of wasted time.
	cim moved to adjourn the meeting and rob tried to second it.
	- should we elaborate on definition of immediate?
	drew: we agree on 3, 4, 5 are ok, lets discuss 1 & 2 by mail
	someone: that would be pointless
	- adam r suggested we meet back later tonight and did not get
	  much support. 
	- suggested policy revisions will be collected by psb until
	  saturday.
	- peter raised the problem that he wants to run for reelection
	  but will be absent. it was suggested that he make a statment
	  that will be read at the meeting.
meeting ajourned. Thu Mar 30 19:27:01 PST 1989
----------------------------------------------------------------
