Date: Wed, 19 Apr 89 20:35:05 PDT
From: psb@WEB.Berkeley.Edu
To: ocf@widow
Subject: forwarded minutes


>From 128a-3cl@WEB.Berkeley.Edu Wed Apr 19 12:08:40 1989
Date: Wed, 19 Apr 89 12:08:06 PDT
From: 128a-3cl@WEB.Berkeley.Edu
To: ocf@widow
Subject: OCF BOD Minutes for Apr 13 (finally)


After a long wait...



Minutes of the OCF meeting
Thu. Apr 13, 1989  (happy birthday to me)

Members Present:
	Robert Cullham
	Partha Banerjee
	Marc Hertlein
	Gretchen Stude
	Sean Rouse
	Antony Courtney
	Adam Glass
	Cimarron Taylor
	Jeff Wallace
	Drew Dean
	Dave Sharnoff
	Adam Richter
	Peter Shipley

Members Absent:
	none (amazing, isn't it?)

Guests:
	Shelley Louie
	Case Larson (see minutes)
	a few others

The meeting was called to order at 6:10

Discussion:

    Apollo Bought by HP
	Doesn't affect our donation.
	Drew asked if we could trade Apollos for HPs.
	Dave said it will probably restrict any additional material.
	After further discussion, the issue died.

    Perrenial Issues
	Policies still need work, but this issue was tabled after later
	   discussion that concluded that policy 6 should be adopted
	   (3,4,5 were adopted earlier)
	Ettiquete document was lost by Adam Richter, could someone e-mail
	   him a copy.
	By-laws don't need work (currently).

    Cluster Status
	Machines will be shipped Friday, April 21 and installed during the
	first week of May.  Our rep said that he should give us a copy of X.

    Intro Document
	Gretchen brought coppies of a sample command help sheet (good work)
	and asked that each bord member to comment it and return it to
	her at anytime.

    UCSEE Picnic
	Partha reminded people to play Ultimate at the Picnic on Saturday.

    New Board Member
	Case Larson asked to join the board.  The board decided to vote by
	secret ballot.  Shelley Louie counted.  Case was accepted 12-1.  
	(this now makes 14 BOD members, quorum is now 11)

    Accounts
	Shelley asked "Who gets accounts when the machines arrive?"
	A discussion followed.  The topics covered...

	* Give accounts to everybody but warn them that there is no support
	  nor guarentee of stability.
	     Decided that this was bad becuse people will still complain,
	     people will get in the way of setting things up, and staff won't
	     have the time to deal with it.  Decided that normal users will
	     have to wait until X is up and running and a make-account
	     program is running.

        * Have only one account, but have it open to everyone who wants to
	  help.
	     Decided that this was bad because everyone using "root" would
	     create problems

	* Give out accounts, but only to those who will help set up the
	  cluster.
	     The board agreed but this opened up a different discussion.

        It was eventually decided that...

        Until further notice, the OCF will only give out accounts to
        qualified people who are chosen by the OCF Decision Making Process
	because they want to help set up the cluster.


    Staff
	Discussion about who is on staff and how is staff chosen followed the
	Accounts discussion.  After (far too) much discussion, the board
	decided that staff shall be chosen by the OCF Decision Making
	Process.  Poeple interested in becoming staff should talk to
	Peter (the OCF Apollo Site Manager).

The meeting adjourned at 7:15 pm.


