Date: Thu, 4 May 89 06:15:23 PDT
From: psb@WEB.Berkeley.Edu
To: ocf@widow

These are the minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting of 
Thursday, April 27th, 1989.

====================================
Directors in Attendance:
------------------------------------
Partha S. Banerjee
Antony Courtney
Robert Cullmann
Drew Dean
Adam Glass
Case Larson
Adam Richter
Sean Rouse
Gretchen Stude
Jeff Wallace

====================================
Directors in Absence:
------------------------------------
Marc Hertlein
David Muir Sharnoff
Peter Shipley

====================================
Director-down-the-hall-on-the-phone-
who-showed-up-after-the-meeting-but-
before-the-roll-call-deadline:
------------------------------------
Cimarron D. Taylor


The meeting was called to order by General Secretary Banerjee at approximately
6:10pm Pacific Daylight Time, Thursday, April 27th, 1989, in Room 608-7 of
Evans Hall at the University of California, Berkeley. 

After calling the meeting to order, being privy to the knowledge that there was
no agenda, Mr. Banerjee volunteered to scribe the meeting. 

Mr. Banerjee then announced that there was "no new news", and open the meeting
for new business or old business. 

There was none (or at least nothing people wanted to discuss).

The meeting adjoured at 6:13pm by virtue of every one leaving. 
Mr. Cimarron Taylor strode down the hall at 6:15pm and petitioned to be 
placed on the attedance list and was duly added. 

The next meeting is scheduled for Thursday, May 4th, 1989 at 6:00pm in 608-7
Evans Hall, and promises to buck the trend of shortening meetings. 

(trascripted by Partha S. Banerjee ... <psb@widow.berkeley.edu>       )
