From: c60c-1dm@WEB.Berkeley.Edu
To: ocf@widow
Subject: minutes of 5/11 meeting
Date: Mon, 15 May 89 06:32:12 PDT



These are the minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting of 
Thursday, May 11th, 1989.

Directors in Atendance:
	Partha Banerjee
	Cimarron Taylor
	Robert Cullmann
	Case Larsen
	Jeff Wallace
	Gary Tse
	Sean Rouse
	Drew Dean
	Adam Glass
	Gretchen Stude
	Antony Courtney
Guests:
	Ron Woan
	Marc Hertlein
 	Marc Hastings
Directors Absent:
	Adam J. Richter
Managers Absent: 
	Peter Shipley (came in real late)

The meeting was called to order by General Secretary Banerjee at approximately
6:10pm Pacific Daylight Time, Thursday, April 27th, 1989, in Room 608-7 of
Evans Hall at the University of California, Berkeley. 

Actions taken: 
Mark Hertlein was reinstated to the board by thenearly
unanimous decree of the OCF board.

Discussed:

On May 10th, 1989, Eric Hougerhous met with Brian Harvey and the OCF
to discuss the state of the Apollos.  Adam Glass and Robert Cullman
represented the OCF.  CF&C's persons didn't show.

Eric asked us if CF&C had completed the wiring of 'ocf corner'.  As of
that morning, they had completed this task.

Eric stated that he needed to get his 'tech person' in to patch in
their connectors, he hoped to have this done in a day or two.

The machines are currently at CF&C's machine staging area.  Apollo
intends to unpack the machines there, build them, run some
diagnostics, pack 'em up and ship them over to the web.  No objection
was raised to persons from the OCF observing this process, though Eric
preferred that we keep the number small.  He also described the
process as terribly boring.

Once the machines are at the web, and wired up, a master server
distributes the software to the other clients....sounds interesting.

Apollo made lots of comments about wanting to do 'intro to apollo'
classes.  We got the impression that they would come back as often as
necessary.  Additionally, they want to have Ken Arnold (of 'curses'
fame) give a talk on the apollo philosophy in late june.

Eric said that X11r3 wouldn't arrive until the second week of June.
16 Mb upgrades will accompany it.

Apollo/HP implied that they wanted to do a big production/Public
Relations event for the 'opening' of the OCF, possibly w/ HP brass.

When asked what the effect of the HP takeover of Apollo would have,
Eric predictably assured us that it could only improve our
relationship.....

Before the Apollo meeting, Brian Harvey once again brought up the
issue of using the Apollos for temporary summer storage for Webbies.
We managed to convince him that the OCF was really the wrong place for
such stuff, particularly this summer.

The board appeared to approve of our actions.

----

A letter from Nori raised some eyebrows.  He said he had noticed that
our cluster configuration didn't include printers, and surely we
didn't plan to print to the web printers.  Brian Harvey responded
quickly w/ 'Hardyck said we could'

---- 
The meeting adjoured at 6:38pm because we ran out of things to
talk about.  The CSUA meeting occurred soon afterwards.

Minutes scribed by Adam Glass.  corrections to c60c-1dm@web | cc-sec@cory


later,
ag
gadfly
