Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
aryanshetty
bencuan
bryli
btorres
drestiny
ethanhu
jaysag
jyxzhang
laksith
oliverni
rameesha
rjz
trinityc

Guests in attendance:
idham*
kian*
ooehmke*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 12

Meeting Started at 19:15



### Status updates
- monitors
    - yes
    - will ship on the 18th
    - 21st
- Debian 9 -> 11
    - gridlock is still on 9
    - others upgraded
- Wordpress Security
- Kubernetes Server
- HPC
    - disks purchased
    - will contact vendor about purchasing
- ASUC Chartered Programs Coordinator
    - had meeting on friday and went thru resumes
    - scheduled interview with the best candidates - jyxzhang

### Docs
- 9pm - 12am tonight, kubernetesing
- and then if it gets to a semi-working state, docs

### Computer Donations
- Which computers are we replacing?
    - probably not
- What do we do with the remaining/leftover computers?
    - kubernetes testing
    - for parts?
    - 
### Printing Maintenance / Toner Recap
- Went forward with buying 6 toner and maintenance
- Keep an eye out for toner delivery

### Berkeley Subdomain Moratorium
- Also happened in 2013
    - Need to find details
    
> I was GM back in 2013, when the university made a similar decision and proposed moving vhosts to <group>.studentorgs.berkely.edu. Although we initially considered conceding, we received strong support against the domain name changes from our faculty advisor, Dr. Brian Harvey, the ASUC President and Executive Vice President, and the Graduate Assembly President (Bahar Navab, who I believe is now Assistant Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs). It also helped that we were able to push back against the claim that NYU considered Berkeley's domain name policy too lax by researching examples of universities that were as open or more so than us (MIT, Caltech, OSU, and UCSD, although I don't know if this is still the case).
> 
> For more details, see https://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~daradib/dl/ocf/vhosts/
> 
> The final outcome was that we could continue with <group>.berkeley.edu and the university would add a policy requiring the student group disclaimer text.
> 
> I would suggest reaching out to Dr. Harvey and ASUC if you have not already. If it would help, I can also look through past email chains. Good luck!
    - daradib
    
- Strong pushback by GMs + ASUC + others
    - we need to review what happened in 2013
    - jyxzhang will schedule meeting with advisor
    - bring it up with aavp
    - reach out to bh?
- Run it back?

### Need-Based Stipends
-  [Proposal draft for need-based stipends](https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/4Gt8DAncQ0elE_GTpEBeBgÂµ)
    - tldr; people with demonstrated need can do ocf project (technical) and be paid
    - **vote here!** https://forms.gle/SGNyrpbmamdE5EnL9
        - will discuss results next week
    - we used to have an XCF fund back when it was functional for projects
- work-study for opstaff?
    - will look into creating work-study positions
    - jyxzhang will talk w/ advisor
    


### Notable RT Tickets
    

### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
    - Mac Mini: GPU drivers work already! This is surprising!
        - They are also cheapish ($699 pre edu-discount, and there are volume discounts for edu from apple)
        - Also low power (ðŸŒ² green ocf)
        - Also more power than the OCF needs
        - Proposal: Buy ONE for now as a testbed, to see if it's viable. If it is, buy lots more and do a full desktop refresh. (finally)
- Add more items to buy this semester: ocf.io/buy
    
    
### Semesterly cleaning
- bring this back please


### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt

## Committee Check-ins

### University Affairs
 - meeting with James Weichert AAVP on Friday
     - continuing discusion about long-term funding goals for OCF + tld
     - ask about CACCSF (see henry notes )
 - schedule meeting with mikhael + brian harvey

### Opstaff Updates
- forwarded sufmo notes to opstaff 
- poster in the works for server room
- social date?
        - october 30 (sunday)
- bookshelf poster in the works
- social media --> BoD pic and possibly committee pics
- radio advertisement added to transcript but still don't know when
- no response yet from res halls for approval of posters, also we have to print the posters ourselves
    - small qty: print ourselves
    - largy qty: printed off campus - asuc funds
- tote estimate --> multiple designs in one order?
    4.50 per bag for 100?
    is it possible to have multiple designs
        for 1 design, 1 color
        we can print one design on the front, one on the back
    

### Internal Comm
- hack day sun 10/23 (ocf.io/social)
- halloween social sun 10/30 (ocf.io/halloween)
- alumni banquet @ gather sat 11/5 (ocf.io/banquet)
- puppet lab at staff meeting today

### External Comm
- Thanks Opstaff for Instagram posts!!!
    - Increased frequency to instagram posts
    - Drawings/sketches can be reused
        - Is there interested in a funny sketch waddles for the OCF shirt? Similar to ~~NSFW~~ waddles shirt
            - @jtchan wanted Pokemon-waddles like art
    - Create posts for #Internal-Comm events
        - @mjm On photos, @jtchan On Art
            - Small production since we have the main OCF shirt
    - Circuit maker or something for making our own fun products
    - Business Info
        - Thoughts on adding big sponsors to ocf.tv board?
            - Marketing incentive for advertising
            - Lil advert board -bencuan
        - Corsair focusing Streamers/eSports
            - Reduced chances to get gear from them, however we can try doing a collab with Cal eSports and get a contact
                - Anyone have a good contact in Cal eSports? Please message in #external-comm
                - https://recsports.berkeley.edu/programs-events/esports/ 
        - NZXT Lvl 2+ Sponsorship
            - Partner Program: Request for NZXT BLD Kit
            - Ideally get Prebuilt systems, will look into
        - NVIDIA Registered/Preferred Partner
            - https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/about-nvidia/partners/
            - Unlikely but worth a shot under "other"
        - Logitech peripherals
            - Might be able to provide peripherals, but may not be too helpful
                - Wireless peripherals for lab wouldn't be a great idea (cries in G Pro Wireless)


### Finance Comm
- [Proposal draft for need-based stipends](https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/4Gt8DAncQ0elE_GTpEBeBgÂµ)
- [meeting notes](https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/mqdnDIxIToawAiM-maClhQ)
- currently starting dashboard project 
    - obtain callink api key??
- will continue working on the proposal
    
    
### Decal Comm
    - We have the packet signed by Peyrin, waiting on letter of support
    - Nov 9 deadline, well ahead of schedule
    - vms???
        - punt
    

Meeting Adjourned at 20:06

Notetaker: rjz
