Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
aryanshetty
bencuan
bplate
dapark
drestiny
ericyang
ethanhu
etw
jaysag
jyxzhang
kian
lucdar
ncograin
njha
oliverni
ooehmke
rameesha
rjz
trinityc

Guests in attendance:

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 11

Meeting Started at 19:10

### Status updates
- monitors
    - one incoming tomorrow
- HPC
    - "expected to arrive by the end of next week"
- ASUC Chartered Programs Coordinator
    - 1 Candidate for Final Round!
    - old SUPERB general manager
    - Student-Led Final Interview/Discourse 11/7
        - Give jyxzhang your questions
- Docs

### Berkeley Subdomain Moratorium
- njha: he emailed me back and said proposal looks good
- but what about accessibility
- they require enrollment in siteimprove
- we said ok, now reviewing the proposal
- njha: we can also push back a little and run our own accessibility scanner
- it's kinda annoying to enroll the sites (email confirmation)
- API access?
- etw: Deque Axe is the industry standard tool and it's OSS (it's what Google uses for scoring search results)
- njha: up to sms

### New Kubernetes Server!!!
- njha: it's amazing and fantastic !!!
- racked yesterday, bring up today if we have enough cables?
- hyper-converged infra!!1

### OCF + Teleport
- they asked an email for license
- haven't issued license
- etw: we should have a dedicated email for licensing purposes
- njha: we need a root@ for actual current rootstaffs

### Need-Based Stipends
-  [Proposal draft for need-based stipends](https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/4Gt8DAncQ0elE_GTpEBeBgµ)
    - tldr; people with demonstrated need can do ocf project (technical) and be paid
    - **vote here!** https://forms.gle/SGNyrpbmamdE5EnL9
        - trinityc: people have some concerns in the poll
            - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11esvifDHOFQnP49SDTPbxQtLrvIPvMCkdaqLCZE0yQM/edit#gid=2011116512
        - jyxzhang: work-study is for opstaff, so it's separate
        - njha: we might not be doing opstaff work-study, because we can't support both non- and work study positions
        - trinityc: what are our next steps, do we want to discuss the concerns people brought up?
        - concerns from form and bod:
            - might not be worth the effort
            - introducing a bias with money incentives
            - don't want people joining ocf just for the money
            - model after google summer of code
            - we don't want to give people work for the sake of work
            - bit of effort for current staff to write project proposals (might be a benefit actually, we need to be more on top of doing this anyways)
            - need to have a formal process (not vote/nomination based)
        - benefits:
            - formalizing the contribution process could create a pipeline for newstaff to maintain infra (right now we rely on someone conveniently being there to take over when knowledgable staff graduate)
            - integrate with LAEP for highly subsidized benefits
    - some other discussions:
        - jyxzhang: strongly against paying volunteer staff for all of the reasons mentioned above; volunteer staff is volunteer for a reason, and this would create unnecessary divisions
        - njha: good for inclusivity efforts (get more people interested in tech)
        - trinityc: target demographic is not existing staff; it is more for attracting nontraditional audiences into the ocf + learning about infra
        - ncograin/bryli: how do we determine eligiblity?
        - trinityc: qualifying for LAEP
        - jyxzhang: since person receiving stipend is doing the same work as volunteer staff, they might be ostracized/treated differently
        - jyxzhang: i feel like it's not something in the ocf's purview to provide; it's not something that makes sense for the ocf to be doing; we only requested money for operating the lab??
        - njha: would you be okay with requesting money specifically for this purpose?
        - jaysag: do we even have a consistent source of funding?
            - not really, but CACSSF
        - jyxzhang: regardless of funding we need to disclose the purpose beforehand
        - jyxzhang: fine with opstaff being compensated for technical work
        - rameesha: do opstaff have the ability to work on technical projects? 
        - oliverni: shouldn't need to be concerned about different treatment of people receiving stipends (comparable to financial aid)

- action items:
  - figure out if we can spend opstaff money on running a trial / add to funding requests
      - 2 people for a trial
      - bencuan: we should almost definitely be able to request CACSSF money to do this
  - **tentative vote: Contingent on getting a source of funding and on finding other participants based on LAEP/work-study eligibility, would you support running a small (2-person maximum) trial in Spring 2023 to hire technical staff members?**
      - Passed with majority
  - **tentative vote if the first one fails: do we want to hire opstaff for technical work?**
      - no vote needed

- work-study for opstaff?
    - some major concerns from opstaff
        - max of hours worked per week (prevents opstaff from working as much as they want/subshifts)
        - not as much control of where the money made is going
        - limit on how much you can get paid
        - allows for more access for people to know about the job but this could impact quality? (someone who actually uses the ocf regularly vs someone who found out through work-study portal)
        - ocf can't grant work-study so it will be granted under ASUC Finance
    - conclusion (bencuan): work study is probably not going to happen for opstaff position anytime soon, but will be under consideration for future positions when needed
        - we now know who to ask to get it started (lead center) and what to ask for (department code) so it should be doable if required

### Funding Status
- Meeting with ASUC Finance Stephanie next week
- Henry wants to come check us out?
    - he wants to understand how the OCF works more
    - let's schedule a time

### Notable RT Tickets
- [rt#12119](https://ocf.io/rt/12119): sorried account - repeat problem for this group
    - Needs someone with root
- [rt#12118](https://ocf.io/rt/12118): is mastodon up? going to be supported in future?
- [rt#12116](https://ocf.io/rt/12116): SUFMO got asked by Student Affairs IT if we host a bunch of sites
    - We should clarify that IT can check by running `dig` or similar
    - Going to have a brief meeting tomorrow about these specific cases
    - No action items, just a PSA
- [rt#12029](https://ocf.io/rt/12029): Wants more email addresses (but can't get a hostname right now)
    - We can't do what they're asking but they can do `[username]+(something)@ocf.b.e` right?
- [rt#12102](https://ocf.io/rt/12102): Wants to host an app
    - Can't give a new subdomain, but they already have a domain
    - Just set up apphost on the same domain?
    - Requires someone with root
- [rt#11596](https://ocf.io/rt/11596): Offsite faculty hosting
    - An SM should respond to this

### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
- Add more items to buy this semester: ocf.io/buy
- tote bag design
    - ![tote 1](https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/uploads/456807c8-bf48-47bd-8be0-b1783b40d0cd.png)
    - ![tote 2](https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/uploads/630d48bd-7993-43f7-b901-6d78911d849b.png)
    - ![tote 3](https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/uploads/e9a676e1-7c62-49f7-84cb-b4a09f7b8e97.png)


### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt

## Committee Check-ins

### University Affairs
- ASUC finance meeting soon
- Henry tour soon

### Opstaff Updates
- rameesha: interest in decorative/lab space related projects?
    - strong yes
- welcome poster being made
- waste posters (recycling, trash, compost, etc) any info to add?
    - the green bin is compost but everyone just uses it as a recycling bin lol
    - ocf-themed version of the informational waste posters 
- still work being done for making centralized concern doc
- meet the staff!
- adding more big waddles posters
- thoughts on more decor for the lab? budget ideas? do we need? etc.
### Internal Comm
- alumni banquet this sat (11/5) - ocf.io/banquet
    - if you know alumni, please reach out to them and invite them to come
- hiking social soon?

### External Comm
- EFA responsibilities could use some attention
- any plans for a guest speaker?
    - Rory@EFF suggests we could get Cooper Quinn (Security Expert w/Tor Relay Challenge)

### Finance Comm
- [Proposal draft for need-based stipends](https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/4Gt8DAncQ0elE_GTpEBeBgµ)
- We need to buy merch things asap so they come before the end of the semester!!!!
    - submit sticker designs **before this Sunday**
- finance comm dashboard project: help wanted
    - https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/9IWheJG7QcCaFp0-juVAoQ
    - (trinityc) work done so far: scraping purchase requests, parsing into beancount
    - next week: dashboard work, cacssf funding application, **purchase tote bags and stickers**


### Decal Comm
- decal approved by scheduler, off to chair for signature
- submitted all required forms except to COCI (pending chair approval), will be accepting 150 students
- currently biggest issue is infra (how are we doing vm's)


Meeting Adjourned at 20:00

notetaker: bencuan, rjz
