Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
aryanshetty
bencuan
bplate
bryli
dapark
drestiny
ethanhu
etw
kian
lmathias
lucdar
ncograin
njha
rameesha
rjz

Guests in attendance:
btorres
jaysag
oliverni

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 12

Meeting Started at 19:15

# Agenda

### Tabling

### Status updates
- monitors
- Debian 9 -> 11
- Wordpress Security
- Kube server
- HPC
- group account naming
    - way too many group accounts named after people instead of group
    - bring back name similarity heuristic for group accounts?
        - bod decided to remove it previously
		- enforce that username is similar to group name for group that account is being created for
		- vote passes
    - changes to ocfweb account creation page

### Search for ASUC Chartered Programs Coordinator
- Email from Mickael
- Get involved with the interview process for the position
	- What do we want?
		- Responding to our emails
- Response due Friday

### "Mandatory" SUFMO Townhall
- Wed, 9/28, 1pm to 2:30pm
- Thurs, 9/29, 4pm to 5:30pm
- Covers building safety procedures
- In Senate Chambers (5th floor Eschelman)
- Who needs to go? 
    - *Ms? or just GMs? OM is probably also good idea

### Computer Donation
- Berkeley Law Statewide Databse wants to donate ~20 desktops and color printer
- They didn't respond to our email about visiting Wednesday
- Nor did they pick up our call
- We tried to go to their office, but we went to their mailing address possibly...?
- What do we do with our old desktops?
	- donate them?

### Printing Maintinence / Toner
- Our two options for maintinence were:
    - $180 per call + parts (~$400-500 for replacing fuser, for example)
    - $0.026 per page (~$1,600 per semester)
- We are going forward with per-call
- They didn't mention toner though, even though we asked
    - We have 10 toner in storage
    - How many do we go through per year?


### Notable RT Tickets
- rt#11946: pw reset
- rt#11900: very old account recovery
    - waiting on their calnet uid to proceed (if they are able to get it)
- rt#11596: follow up on ocfhosted.com (or similar)
    - do we host offsite domains for faculty
- rt#11944: CSS being weird
    - mentioned PHP, but doesn't seem like an OCF problem

### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
- Add more items to buy this semester: ocf.io/buy


### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt

## Committee Check-ins


### University Affairs
- No response from James yet
    - We should meet with Mickael again
    - Set up biweekly maybe?


### Opstaff Updates
- rachel renewed keycard access --> someone to open the ocf at 9am on thursdays until then
- projects: 
    - kim finished desktop wallpaper!!
        - we need 3840x2400
    - isabelle starting on tote bags
    - fatima making a PSA through the Berkeley radio & paper shredder sign
        - asuc ppl not responsive, more poking needed from gms
    - rachel stickers
    - jane bookshelf with ID system?
        - related to cable checkout system
        - spreadsheet for checking out
        - lab users exchange ID for whatever they are using
    - jeda with social media (any posts recs?)
        - continuing meet the staff
        - lab closures and events (advertise general meetings but not socials)
        - tech talks and resume workshops (external pls)
        - make social media geared towards staff

### Internal Comm
- third general meeting tonight
    - with a staff training!
- veteran staff **PLEASE SIGN UP FOR STAFF HOURS** https://ocf.io/shs
    - we will be helping newstaff sign up today, want to have a lot of times for them to choose from
- ice skating social next weekend (not this weekend) 10/1 or 2
    - ocf.io/social to RSVP + choose the date
- project leads please begin scheduling meetings (preferably set up a lettucemeet by mid staff meeting tonight, or use executive decision to set a time on the weekend)

### External Comm
- Ready for first meeting: Will announce weekly meet when2meet soon since we're a smaller comm
- Already made a quick flyer for meetings, need to make layouts for weekly posts
- Prioritize Instagram for media outreach, target for staffer media + general audience information
- Still need to get portraits of staffers over time (Likely just outside of MLK lower sproul)

### Finance Comm
 - next meeting on Sunday 2pm ocf.io/meet
 - current agenda:
     - add monitors to buysheet
     - add stickers to buysheet
     - add keychains to buysheet
     - add totebags to buysheet
     - coordinate opstaff workstation replacement
         - new kb+m and dual monitors
         - possible new desktop (pending law donation)
     - research cacssf and cassa
 - has james responded (if not we need to poke rn)

### Decal Comm
- Decal approval packet (nearly) ready to send to Peyrin
- Help improve the decal Tuesdays 8-9 in the lab!

Meeting Adjourned at 19:56

Notetaker: etw, bencuan
