Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adarshiyer
bencuan
bryli
etw
laksith
njha
rjz

Guests in attendance:
longlian*
rameesha*
dapark
Zoey
Antonio
Ian
Tiffany
Lawrence
Jessica

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 7

Meeting Started at 19:35

## Agenda

### Tabling
- We will be tabling on Sproul 8/25, 8/30
- Calapalooza Tabling 9/8
- Guide: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cqy5SMXtNvCroeaEmAPh9Vd-hf0ArLzgCQAulAvdvm0/edit
- Signups: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Zpv12kJcm5uXmqneOFZbIaxlT5tGOybpADWV0bCFAaI/edit
- Prepare tablecloth
- Flyers?
    - See previous opstaff posters (Possible opstaff one)
    - with QR codes? link to Discord etc. or ocf.io??
    - make a qr code of a short link and then decide where to point to
      (hedgedoc?)
        - anddone will
    - color/greyscale?
- Interest/Application form?
    - to gather some info about new staff
    - should put on flyers
    - another short url?
    - need to update ocf.io/apply??
        - done
    - not ocf.io/join - that's account signup
- ~~Pins~~/stickers
- raffle???????
- Staff -- please fill out tabling form!!

### ATDP Wrapup
- Updates from Ben?
    - ATDP is run by the GSoE for HS students
    - 2 classes in this lab
    - very successful
    - dev came over and did the checkout
    - made sure items are in good condition
    - SSD failures yay lol
    - 2 lamps missing / broken?
    - chair broke - put new chair on buysheet!!1

### Status updates
- HPC Planning
    - Tower or rack server?
    - 10-15k
- monitors??
- Kubernetes Server
    - still mia 😢
        - 2nd week of Sept?
            - parts?
- Debian 9 -> 11
    - currently on life support 💀💀💀
- compromises
    - ty Kian for handling a lot of them today

### Key Dates
- Lab opens 8/29, Mon
- First staff meeting 9/7, Wed @ 8p
- Staff hour signups!!
    - ocf.io/shs

### New-Staff / Internal Plans for this semester
- Continue with interest groups?
    - bryli: yes because they are important to figure out what ppl are
      interested in
    - projects based: web, kube...
    - hopefully like to have a few weeks of onboarding time
    - but that takes away from time actually working on projs
    - basically, introduce them to whats going on
    - maintain status quo from last semester
- Take any of the new ideas from that first summer planning meeting? (The only
  one with actual attendance)
- Any cool new starter projects?
    - Stuff that external can throw out into the public
 - discuss more in depth at 2nd bod

### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
- Add more items to buy this semester: ocf.io/buy
- items
    - food? yes
    - color printer for staff? punted

### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt
- No new bod tickets this week

## Committee Check-ins


### University Affairs
not much discussions here
- Need to set up meeting with Mickael (new advisor)
- Is Keycard stuff all good?
- How about signatory?

### Opstaff Updates
- Training Sunday 1-3 PM?
    - docs in slack
- GSuite

### Internal Comm

### External Comm


### Finance Comm


### Decal Comm
- Advisor Updates?
- Semester plan?

Meeting Adjourned at 20:21

Notetaker: rjz & etw
