Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adarshiyer
bencuan
bplate
bryli
btorres
dapark
ethanhu
etw
jaysag
jedakrisnell
jyxzhang
kian
longlian
ncograin
njha
rameesha
rjz
trinityc

Guests in attendance:
anddone*
idham*
laksith*
lharriscal*
ooehmke*
yehchanyoo*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 10

Meeting Started at 19:17


### BoD Note-taking
bencuan

### Status updates
- Kubernetes
    - Open NixOS Facility
- HPC
    - Cabling done, but something broken with networking - still investigating

### Berkeley Subdomain Moratorium
- They wanted a list of all the domains, so we sent it to them.
- Talked to daradib, suggested getting CS faculty involved.
    - But it's like... also a strike so they have a ton of work to do... ugh...
    - not fightable to some extent if admin keeps pushing

### Funding Status
- Todo: Schedule meeting with Mickael about CACSSF
    - introduce new gm's
- CACSSF application opens "mid december"
    - get started early
    - due beginning of next semester so we don't really have much time


### ATDP
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QKs6_saqjpn_8Vyv_xTMhu2lgV4F2JvM3Fv8KJj_ud0/edit?usp=sharing
- any changes since last year?
    - no
- approved by vote?
    - yes


### Notable RT Tickets
- [rt#12210](https://ocf.io/rt/12210): compromise
- [rt#12224](https://ocf.io/rt/12224): compromise/wordpress update
- [rt#12220](https://ocf.io/rt/12220): compromise/wordpress update
- [rt#12218](https://ocf.io/rt/12218): compromise
- [rt#12214](https://ocf.io/rt/12214): mastodon
- [rt#12212](https://ocf.io/rt/12212): TBP wants separate accounts for mail and web
- [rt#12205](https://ocf.io/rt/12205), [rt#12221](https://ocf.io/rt/12221): compromise
- ~~[rt#12168](https://ocf.io/rt/12168): compromise?~~ (resolved -kian)
- [rt#12155](https://ocf.io/rt/12155): apphost request (domain already registered)
- [rt#12199](https://ocf.io/rt/12218): domain alternatives/exceptions
- [rt#12140](https://ocf.io/rt/12140): HPC access request
- [rt#11965](https://ocf.io/rt/11965): website/group account transfer
- [rt#12131](https://ocf.io/rt/12131): HPC access request
- [rt#12118](https://ocf.io/rt/12118): mastodon?
- [rt#12029](https://ocf.io/rt/12029): someone being confused about vhost? not sure
- [rt#12102](https://ocf.io/rt/12102): apphost reuqest (domain already registered)
- [rt#11596](https://ocf.io/rt/11596): offsite faculty host request

### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
- Add more items to buy this semester: ocf.io/buy
- no additions since last week

### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt

### GM/SM Elections
 - ranked choice voting?
     - not supported by helios (FPTP)
 - final tickets:
     - GM:
         - waddles vacuum
         - jaysag kian
         - ncograin	jaysag
         - ncograin	kian
         - rjz kian
         - rjz ncograin
         - rjz jaysag
     - SM:
         - waddles vacuum
         - etw njha
         - etw bencuan
         - njha bencuan

 - Speeches:
     - waddles
         - silence
     - vacuum
         - vrooooooooooooooooooooooom :dash:
     - rjz
         - old SM
         - has been more involved in admin stuff (like purchases, domains, setting up hpc) recently
         - interesting and fulfilling experience
         - having technical expertise as GM is very useful (especially with ongoing negotiations with domains)
         - wants to continue discussions about TLD/subdomain issues
         - improve our hosting infrastructure
         - secure funding for OCF (work closely with ficomm and asuc) and ensure we meet deadlines
         - maintain autonomy from ASUC (no ASUC waddles)
         - seek external sponsorships and industry relations
         - we're doing well with current staff retention, continue interest group system
         - ensure newstaff are involved and trained on new infra
         - Q&A:
             - trinityc: priorities for tickets?
             - if elected as GM, will drop other tickets
             - bryli: responsibilities for next semester? (SM, GM, classes)
                 - current tasks to maintain existing infra, newk8s are spearheaded by etw/njha/oliverni. they will play the main role in developing new infra, and rjz's role will be secondary to focus on GM
             - longlian: will hpc become hhpc?
                 - no but we're working on it
             - laksith: opinion on systemd
                 - systemd good
             - bryli: how will you connect GMs with SMs
                 - continue group chat with \*Ms
             - njha: do you support the effort to overturn the campus decision about subdomains?
                 - if there's no possibility in it changing, then would rather focus on making the transition as smooth as possible

    - ncograin
        - ocfer since fa21
        - found niche in external (former external head, have been currently resolving many RT tickets)
        - feel strongly about the subdomain transition
            - worth fighting, willing to put in effort to aggressively go after collecting input and opposing this change
        - ocf needs long term funding source
            - committed to working with ficomm to make this a reality
        - Q&A:
            - trinityc: what sources for long term funding are you looking at?
                - not too familiar with it yet, but want to work on this more
            - commitments?
                - less than this semester
                - reduced courseload, member of another club
    - jaysag
        - joined ocf this semester (fa22), first org
        - think ocf is great, and really like linux + the fact that it's open
        - priorities:
            - fight for subdomains and continue to keep up pressure as long as it's worth it for the rest of bod
            - secure funding via CACSSF and look into other solutions
        - could excel in administrative side and love writing emails as an english major
        - Q&A:
            - bencuan: commitments?
                - no technical classes
                - peer review board
            - luke: thoughts on systemd?
                - horrible (applause)
                - gentoo and wayland with sway
            - bencuan: other ideas besides the 2 noted?
                - wordpress, support SM's. will mostly focus on the 2 main topics
    - kian:
        - current internalcomm head, webgroup head
        - ocfer since fa21
        - want to continue working administratively, reclaim berkeley.edu subdomains for student groups
        - student outreach/retention: make ocf more approachable and easier to contribute to for new staff (has experience as internalcomm head)
        - make infrastructure more user-friendly and up to date
        - make projects more structured, and make them a good entry into the ocf (focus more on individual contributions)
        - diversify project leads by bringing in new staff, since current leads also have other duties as committee heads
        - brainstorm ways to make things more approachable 
        - Q&A:
            - njha: commitments?
                - breadths
            - trinityc: re making things more approachable: thoughts on long term staff retention vs attracting resume builders- how much should we structure, and how much newstaff should we expect?
                - mostly focus on attracting new staff who are already passionate about open source + linux, but don't know how to contribute. structure = better planning for projects, be conscious of the various paths newstaff can take to join ocf (cater to less experience people)
            - bryli: re better on boarding experience: main issue is there's no timeline or plan right now- what would you propose?
                - no specific timeline at the moment, but start planning for a guided experience into the ocf as soon as possible
            - yehchanyoo: as a new staff, lack of structure is an issue for participating but good to not have consulting club vibes- thoughts on structural implementation?
                - encourage staff to have some urgency to meet deadlines, but not as anything super official. get more feedback on individuals in the same situation
    - njha
        - former SM, current GM
        - working on k8s for the entire time
        - want to finish k8s
        - will be involved with ocf until graduating berkeley
        - want to make sure newstaff can take over and get involved to the point where they can become sm and be good at it
        - Q&A:
            - adarshiyer: what is k8s?
                - see professor njha's lecture slides
            - thoughts on systemd?
                - systemd good (noooo)
            - bencuan: how to solve the currently unsolved issue on how to make people good at infra
                - can't teach people in 1 semester (decal isn't enough)
                - no real answer, "write docs"
            - ncograin: wiki project?
                - it just has to be done
                - want to work on a project but have no idea how to start? spam njha dm
    - etw
        - 2-semester SM
        - main goal: bring up k8s
        - solve problems by throwing our old stuff out
        - get services to be self-sustaining as much as possible
        - more secure architecture
        - currently writing docs for things, but should have a system for this to not waste time on it
        - get newstaff involved
        - Q&A:
            - anddone: commitments?
                - 13 units (techs but he can handle it)
                - not much ec outside of ocf, more time than last semester
            - ooehmke: thoughts on systemd?
                - systemd is the best thing ever and you are wasting your time if you do not use systemd
            - what is 9+10?
                - idk
                - what group?
            - how do you get people good at infra?
                - DOCS
                - overwhelming >> nonexistent


### Election Results
GM: kian ncograin (by simple majority)


## Committee Check-ins

### University Affairs

### Opstaff Updates
- Finished check-ins with all opstaff
    1. Key Card access for the exit door directly in the same direction of the ocf door
        2. not possible :( nobody has access to that door
    3. TOO MANY UNKNOWN STAFF VOLUNTEERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! pls......**introduce yourself..with ur name pls please **
        - Say hi :D
        - have an intro social for opstaff to meet newstaff next semester
- Opstaff social this sunday at 10am!
    - remember to add to buysheet before next weds
- Deadweek hours
    - 1.9am-10pm everyday; need to close for BoD and staff meeting wednesday?
        - need to close for bod on weds (7pm)
        - Ill try to bring snackos -anddone
- opstaff will update with finals week availability by next week
### Internal Comm
 - some interest in dead week open climbing facility
     - we can go to mozaic sometime maybe (tbd)

### External Comm
- Guest speakers coming next sem early ðŸ‘€
    - Working w/ Kian on timing, will pass to new Internals (But likely first few weeks after intro)
- :moyai:  :moyai:  :moyai:  :moyai:  :moyai: 
### Finance Comm
 - wrapping up next week
     - 


### Decal Comm
:b:ruh :moyai: 

vine boom :herb: :bomb: 

Meeting Adjourned at 8:40

Notetaker: bencuan
