Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
bencuan
bryli
etw
jyxzhang
kian
laksith
njha
rameesha
rjz

Guests in attendance:
aryanshetty
bplate
ethanhu
idham
jimmyl
lmathias
lucdar
ncograin
oliverni
sebitommy

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 8

Meeting Started at 19:10

BoD Agenda for 9/7
===

## Agenda

### BoD Note-taking
- please take minutes ty!

### Tabling
-  Calapalooza tabling Thu, 9/8
    - How does this work exactly?
        - Check-in will be held between 2:00 PM-3:00 PM. If your organization has not checked in by 3:15 PM, your table may be given to a student organization on our waitlist.
        - njha can't make it until 3:15, so someone else has to check-in
    - Fill out slots
        -  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Zpv12kJcm5uXmqneOFZbIaxlT5tGOybpADWV0bCFAaI/edit#gid=0
    - Details in officers@

### Status updates
- monitors
    - what's this again?
    - anddone: Need to buy the rest of them
- Debian 9 -> 11
    - u h h
    - rjz's been making good progress
    - we're most of the way done, just backups + logging + oldk8s (which is being fixed for *other reasons*)
- Wordpress Security
    - needs to get done ðŸ˜¢
- Kube server
    - supposedly Soon:tm:

### HPC
- We settled on a Intel 2U server
- Intel Xeon Ice Lake Platinum 8352Y (XCC) - 32-Core, 64-Threads, 2.2GHz Base, 48MB Cache - 205W * 2
- 32GB DDR4 3200MHz ECC REG Memory Module ** 256GB ** 8
- 1.92TB U.2 2.5in NVMe PCIe 4.0 SSD ( -- OS MDADM RAID 1 -- ) 2 Customer will provide their own GPU to us 0 Ubuntu 20.04 1 *rjz note: we can actually skip this if we want to save a bit more*
- 3-Year Warranty on Parts and Labor with Perpetual Email and Telephone Support. Extended Warranty, Media Retention, and Advanced Replacement Also Available at an Additional Charge 1
- 2 * NVLink adapters
- $13,339 + tax
- w/o SSD: 12,590 + tax
- probably not getting SSDs from the integrator (it's cheaper to buy it ourselves)
- how are we purchasing it?
    - ASUC credit card or PO?
    - njha: we can do PO's from ASUC (not UC Berkeley)

#### Rationale for choosing Intel: AVX-512 is beneficial for HPC/ML/AI
#### Why not wait for next gen AMD/Intel? Both slated for 2023, we can't really wait that long

### First Staff Meeting
- Committee Heads / *Ms fill out presentation if you haven't
    - https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1HNSWfHlPf_gwlOo7TJQcRwttGYUlo567h1u9qDxi48c/edit?pli=1#slide=id.g15075d86b1a_0_43


### Notable RT Tickets
(thank you ncograin)
- rt#11890: pw reset
- rt#11894: pw reset needed, who to contact about signatories not getting updated? LEAD center?
- rt#11897: (no action needed) how to prevent group accounts being named after people
- rt#11887: is this just some google contacts thing?
- rt#11885, rt#11899: HPC access?
- rt#11900: very old account recovery
- rt#11901: account recovery
- rt#11499: account reset follow up

Group account issues
- some orgs seem to not have signatory list correct on our system
- also, if you are not a signatory and try to sign up, it says you already have an individual account - bad ux

### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
- Add more items to buy this semester: ocf.io/buy
- HDD: one disk on fallingrocks is acting up, see notes


### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt

## Committee Check-ins


### University Affairs
- Met with Mickael (new advisor) today
- 24/7 MLK in the works (no promises yet)
- ABSA should roll over, he will talk with Henry (ASUC CFO) about it
- We should talk with James (AAVP) about future funding


### Opstaff Updates
- New Saturday lab hours 10am-6pm (starting next Saturday)
- bencuan: what's the status of opstaff projects?
    - old doc https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TXVl1Snh6WjCIoy6KEHmAblGDC7sYrmvd4Ir1HwWORw/edit
    - still in the brainstorming phases
    - opstaff meetings on Monday

### Internal Comm
- First general meeting woooo
- All officers: add your info to ocf.io/joinstaff before 8:10
- Opstaff and other veteran staffers: add your info to next week's slides (link TBA)
- First social on 9/17 (next next saturday)
    - Any ideas?
    - Boardgame social?
    - Picnic on glade?
    - coffee chats?
    - catan
    - opstaff pls come!

### External Comm
- Ready for first meeting: Will announce weekly meet when2meet soon since we're a smaller comm
- Already made a quick flyer for meetings, need to make layouts for weekly posts
- Prioritize instagram for media outreach, target for staffer media + general audience information
- Still need to get portraits of staffers over time (Likely just outside of MLK lower sproul)

### Finance Comm
- First ficomm meeting Sunday 2-3pm on ocf.io/meet
- If GMs could join at the beginning to talk about mickael meeting we would appreciate
- New members welcome to hop in! 

### Decal Comm
- Need people to help! (rewrites are a lot of work ðŸ™‚)
- Weekly meetings Tuesdays 8pm (tentative)
- Content creation!
- Infra (goodbye DO)
- Especially looking for past decal takers and people interestedd in cs education

Meeting Adjourned at 19:40

Notetaker: etw
