Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
aryanshetty
bencuan
bplate
bryli
dapark
ericyang
etw
jaysag
jyxzhang
kian
longlian
ncograin
njha
rameesha
rjz

Guests in attendance:

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 12

Meeting Started at 19:10

### Status updates
- HPC
    - "Transition from LPC to real **HPC**." (longlian)
    - waiting for network configuration, due 11/21 - rjz :(
- Docs
    - currently figuring out how to import existing docs into outline (docs.bencuan.me, ocf gapps required)
- Teleport
    - njha has the enterprise key, will work on installing it after his midterm on thursday


### Berkeley Subdomain Moratorium
- Daily Cal Article
    - https://dailycal.org/2022/11/15/surprising-and-frustrating-uc-berkeley-limit-berkeley-edu-subdomains-for-student-groups
- Big meeting today
    - They seem VERY firm on pushing this through
    - Binary "either you are a student group, or you are a campus unit"
        - groups like cmgg will either need to comply with berkeley brand guidelines and be an official campus unit, or relinquish .berkeley.edu
- No exceptions
    - So far not even for influential and long-lived groups like TBP, UPE, CSUA, etc.
    - OCF pushes back on this, asks for a third bucket of influential student groups
- Transition period
    - Less long than the OCF would like, but probably acceptable.
- njha emails every vhost
    - pays $50 for yamm
- survey responses
    - vast majority (80%) say this change is negative
    - 100% of respondents said we should contest this change
    - 70% say rso.berkeley.edu is ok assuming we have to move, as long as it ends in berkeley.edu and is short (maybe sg.berkeley.edu?) we should be mostly ok

### New Kubernetes Server!!!
- a little stalled, busy
- but making good progress! talked to fydai as well

### Wordpress
- no progress afaict

### Need-Based Stipends
 - punt to next week

### Funding Meeting Recap
- Met with Stephanie
- Suported CACSSF as best avenue
- James method of ASUC write-in probably not gonna work
    - Also issues with how ASUC is non-profit
- "Last Resort" -> ASUC Referrendum that includes funding for OCF
- WLP (With Low Probability) -> Library Funding??

### Henry Meeting Recap
 - bencuan: met with Henry right before bod (6:30)
     - Strongly agrees with our position that we shouldn't be 100% funded by asuc, and that we should apply for CACSSF
     - actually says that OCF fee is entirely possible (??)
         - main concern previously was admin fees, but he says SUPERB fee has basically no admin fees so we can use their model for like $80k/year fee
         - we should follow up about this soon (tm)
     - Wants us to forward printer agreement to him so he can see if he can get us a better deal

### Notable RT Tickets
- [rt#12168](https://ocf.io/rt/12168): compromise?
- [rt#12155](https://ocf.io/rt/12155): apphost request (domain already registered)
- [rt#12140](https://ocf.io/rt/12140): HPC access request
- [rt#11965](https://ocf.io/rt/11965): website/group account transfer
- [rt#12131](https://ocf.io/rt/12131): HPC access request
- [rt#12118](https://ocf.io/rt/12118): mastodon?
- [rt#12029](https://ocf.io/rt/12029): someone being confused about vhost? not sure
- [rt#12102](https://ocf.io/rt/12102): apphost reuqest (domain already registered)
- [rt#11596](https://ocf.io/rt/11596): offsite faculty host request

### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
- Add more items to buy this semester: ocf.io/buy


### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt


## ELECTIONS
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FkOzMUTWVNVHOYsaYWTV-zuO-i3vd9rDB1sgd9GKPQc/edit#gid=1816613154
 - we should blast this out to ask for nominations
     - free for all, or ask to ping *M's to add?


## Committee Check-ins

### University Affairs
 - cacssf meeting with mikhael (ficomm should attend)

### Opstaff Updates
- closing tomorrow from 9am-12pm?
- poject updates:
    - waste basket posters were made --> #opstaff
        - lamination?
            - anddone: Should have a laminator in the storage room (shelf with cleaning supplies)
                - etw confirms (we just laminated the server room sign)
                - Otherwise I can do it
    - troubleshooting doc is made
    - google form soon for decoration ideas
    - tech tips/announcement templates made for IG
    - 70's poster still being made
    - style guide still being made

### Internal Comm
- hike this sun!
    - fire trailz
    - 3-7pm meet at lab
        - web not meeting
        - push linux infra to 2-3pm
    - dinner after (place tbd, thinking blaze or mezzo)
- interest group/committee announcements tonight
- if anyone has anything they want to share at staff meeting lmk
    - [External] Is there interest in learning about Tor topics like Snowflake (Internet Censorship)

### External Comm
- Post UC Berkeley subdomain updates to instagram?
- Working with EFA to collaborate on talks + events
    - Could have in-lab talk during a staff meeting (@Internal?)
        - Topics include Tor/Snowflake and others
- Plans during dead week? Could have staff-events for destressing
    - Ideas for providing more staff snacks and freebies
- Fun extra ideas:
    - Tiny OCF-Pokemon cards (Waddles v. Vacuum Cleaner) (anddone or OCF can do a simple lamination)
    - Use winter to ask companies for internship possibilities and create flyers/form connections with [local+] companies for Fall


### Finance Comm
 - stickers have arrived! get one today
 - tote bags should arrive by end of month
 - current todo:
     - work on finalizing stipend proposal
     - look out for cacssf application

### Decal Comm
 - no updates

Meeting Adjourned at 20:09

Notetaker: bencuan
