Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
bplate
bryli
btorres
dapark
ethanhu
etw
idham
jaysag
jedakrisnell
jyxzhang
kian
laksith
lharriscal
ncograin
njha
ooehmke
rjz
trinityc
yehchanyoo

Guests in attendance:
amangalampalli
drestiny
jtchan
oliverni

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 13

Meeting Started at 19:11

### BoD Note-taking
- jyxzhang

### Status updates
- Kubernetes
    - Teleport Working
- HPC
    - Install OS

### Berkeley Subdomain Moratorium
- no updates

### Funding Status
- Todo: Schedule meeting with Mickael about CACSSF
    - introduce new gm's


### Notable RT Tickets
- [rt#12226](https://ocf.io/rt/12226): virtual staff hours
- [rt#12240](https://ocf.io/rt/12240): compromise
- [rt#12239](https://ocf.io/rt/12239): HPC access
- [rt#12230](https://ocf.io/rt/12230): compromise
- ~~[rt#12210](https://ocf.io/rt/12210): compromise~~ (resolved kian)
- [rt#12226](https://ocf.io/rt/12226): HPC access
- ~~[rt#12224](https://ocf.io/rt/12224): compromise/wordpress update~~ (resolved kian)
- ~~[rt#12220](https://ocf.io/rt/12220): compromise/wordpress update~~ (resolved kian)
- ~~[rt#12218](https://ocf.io/rt/12218): compromise~~ (resolved kian)
- ~~[rt#12214](https://ocf.io/rt/12214): mastodon~~ (resolved ncograin)
- [rt#12212](https://ocf.io/rt/12212): TBP wants separate accounts for mail and web
- ~~[rt#12205](https://ocf.io/rt/12205), [rt#12221](https://ocf.io/rt/12221): compromise~~ (resolved rjz)
- [rt#12155](https://ocf.io/rt/12155): apphost request (domain already registered)
- ~~[rt#12199](https://ocf.io/rt/12199): domain alternatives/exceptions~~ (resolved ncograin)
- [rt#12140](https://ocf.io/rt/12140): HPC access request
- [rt#11965](https://ocf.io/rt/11965): website/group account transfer
- [rt#12131](https://ocf.io/rt/12131): HPC access request
- ~~[rt#12118](https://ocf.io/rt/12118): mastodon?~~ (resolved ncograin)
- ~~[rt#12029](https://ocf.io/rt/12029): someone being confused about vhost? not sure~~ (resolved ncograin)
- [rt#12102](https://ocf.io/rt/12102): apphost request (domain already registered)
- [rt#11596](https://ocf.io/rt/11596): offsite faculty host request


### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
- Add more items to buy this semester: ocf.io/buy
- no additions since last week

### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt

## Committee Head Elections
### External

#### btorres
- more tech talks
- biweekly meetings with staff
- (other stuff i wasn't taking notes then sorry)

#### anddone
- more talks
- more outreach
- plans: include more companies, more outreach too
- using speakers for connections
- Q&A:
	- jyxzhang: what were your commitments this semester and how do they compare to next semester?
        - dropped club this semester,  20 units 
        - planning to contribute most of time to ocf?
	- rjz: thoughts on systemd?
	    - no opinons but
	    - there have been no thoughts on foss so far...
    - njha: this semster what was external's achievements?
        - starting the photographing thing is a framework for the future
        - raising the connections this semester for future talks

#### ethanhu
- making staff hours important
- weekly external meetings
- emphasize transparency
	- in particular e.g. ficomm and proposal for stipends as seen this semester
- plan to work with officers and opstaff, take direct approach to managing social media
- no ads in lab or on instagram
- wants to tour all committess and *ms bencuan style
- Q&A:
    - jyxzhang: what social media ideas do you have?
        - more active social promotion
        - wasn't much of it this semester
    - jyxzhang: time commitments next semester?
        - 61b and 70 together
    - ncograin: you have a lot of ideas, how do you plan to work with other candidates?
        - merge priorities with other candidates
        - plan a return to weekly hour long meetings
    - intel me deserves to be burnt to the ground
    - systemd

### Internal

#### dapark
- been in ocf for a year
- internal this semester
- ocf nice and supportive community
- want to increase retention rate
- give back to community by increasing retention and continuing effective communication
	- discord, slack -- notifications for socials/events, etc.
    - announce social on ocf insta
- plan to host more menaningful events
    - ocf retreat?
- purcahsing ocf board games
- continuing hackathons, alumni banquets
- collaborating with gms, other internal heads
- Q&A:
    - no other clubs
    - 3 techs
        -  3rd one 3 units, super light

#### ericyang
- just looking forward to making staff training better and planning cool events


### Finance

#### trinityc
- part of ficomm this semester
- want to continue sources of funding, cassf, etc.
- find additional sources of funding
- work with external for outside sponsorships
- staff stipends, do a trial run of that
- want to make finances more visible to staff
    - curretnly no way to analyze data or see historical usage
    - help us make better decisions, and know how much we need when we request grants
    - make finance dashboard and keep it well maintained so that staff can see and will view during bod
- Q&A:
    - njha: commitments?
        - ocf, cs 70, ee 120, pretty much nothing else
    - anddone: thoughs on current finances and spending habits?
        - a little too informal
        - money's important and we shoudl be smarter about it
    - thoughts on snacks?
        - if we're able to secure funding, goal is to keep everyone happy
        - not strictly against it
        - having dedicated snack fund is good
        - shouldn't be one person buying for themeselves, not your personal snack fund
    - yehchanyoo: any ideas for formalizing finances?
        - when we're buying little purchases, we should keep track of it
        - keeping track of how much we spent previously and try to use that to make decisions in the future

#### rjz
- been here a hot minute
- secure funding, working with campus via cassf
- figure it out with gms and asuc finance
- working on finance dashboard, promote visibility and helps when applying for grants as trinity said
- continue to work on proposal for staff stipends with a trial run
- if funding allows, desktop refresh
    - work with gms and sms to do it
    - already refreshed monitors, good to refresh desktops too
- Q&A:
    - njha: commitments?
        - similar to this semester
    - njha: thoughts on snacks?
        - in full support of snacks
        - should be getting the best deal on snacks
        - agree with sharing snacks with all staff
    - ethanhu: thoughts on intel me?
        - not a good thing, but no way to disable it on my desktop
        - really no way around it since amd has a similar thing
	- anddone: had large purchases for monitors in past? how would we handle large purchases in future with current budget?
	    - our budget is limited and contingent on future funding
	    - in terms of how to conduct purchases, thinking of integrating with bearbuy system
            - (context: if you're a research lab bearbuy is how you buy things)

#### amangalampalli
- bencuan and snarain personally trained for first 5 meetings
- almost callink certified (for stage 2)
- want to get more experience from bencuan and snarain
- snacks are very important, and they're eating into the budget
    - sponsorship by costco?
- always try to buy in bulk
    - use alibaba? try to get good deals on shady sites
    - use callink credit card for fraud protection tm
- continue working on dashboard
- improve finance runbook
    - if not in ocf it's hard to understand how our finances work
- figuring out project ideas
- want to further stipend program
- Q&A:
    - njha: commitments?
        - same as this semester + cs 70 + math 110
        - this semester:
            - more units than next, but less techs so cancels out
    - anddone: trinity brought up ficomm organizational fixes? any plans to assist on that?
        - spreadsheets are informal, fun to see random purchases but there are ways to formalize it
        - internal approval systems before purchases go before bod

#### anirudhsuresh
- 
- two years of accounting in hs and accounting class at berkeley
- excited about working on this because it combines both their majors
- worked on stipend proposal, dashboard
- finished callink quizzes to become stage 2
- try to make stipend proposal as equitable as possible
- improve transparency
- Q&A:
    - commitments?
        - taking 61a next sem
        - also in 2 other clubs
        - this semester had much more free time than wanted
        - at least 10 hours a week free, want to put that into ocf
    - njha: mentioned you haven't been at bod a lot? why?
        - had time conflict with another decal, haven't been able to make it


### DeCal

#### laksith
- overcommmtied and died this semester
- revamp the decal
- revamp over the weeks, refresh things
- update from ~2018 to current stuff
- nothing exactly is gonna change but ? kian help me
- Q&A
	- commitments?
	    - 170 (one tech)
			- this sem (162, 161)
			- quite a bit less
	        - more of a backseat role in CSM
    - systemd good, intel me: buy system76
    - jyxzhang: is work going to get done over winter break?
		- yes.
    - jaysag: is there a need to advertise decal, how do you plan to do it?
        - not really needed since we used to need to reject applicants
        - but will post interest forms in Ed, reddit, etc.
        - lots of ppl interested in Linux so have demand
        
    - njha: plans to support lots of people
    	- we got a lecture hall, but it's 9-10PM :(
		- we have remote support from previous semesters but still deciding
		- otherwise will have batches in the lab, 2 sessions

#### idham
- have been associated with the decal since getting into berkeley
- took last fall, facilitated in spring
- pretty familiar with the infra of the decal, vm, ed etc
- also working on a new website, Hugo
    - fix broken dependencies
- more automation

- Q&A:
    - commitments?
        - 2 techs, transfer and had to cram a lot of techs in previous semesters
	- rjz: thoughts on k8s?
	    - was in kube ig, but had to drop off
	    - kube good
	    - plan to introduce it in final decal lab along with docker

### Internal

#### dapark


## Committee Check-ins

### University Affairs
:b:ruh :moyai:

### Opstaff Updates
-finals schedule is made
monday-thursday 9am to 8pm, friday 9 to 5 and closed saturday

we had our opstaff social, please approve our buy sheet

### Internal Comm
:b:ruh :moyai:

### External Comm
- Same as last week, guest speakers planned to come early next sem after staff introduction meetings

### Finance Comm
:b:ruh :moyai:


### Decal Comm
:b:ruh :moyai:
:b:ruh :b:ruh :b:ruh :b:ruh :b:cf

Meeting Adjourned at 20:18

Notetaker: etw
