Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
adarshiyer
bencuan
bryli
etw
jyxzhang
kian
longlian
njha
rameesha
rjz

Guests in attendance:
amangalampalli*
anddone*
aryanshetty*
bplate*
dapark*
drestiny*
jingyuanchen*
lmathias*
lucdar*
ncograin*
rmxu*
sebitommy*
ethanhu*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 6

Meeting Started at 19:15

### Status updates
- monitors
    - We will buy these one day
    - We have money
    - single monitors 4k 27"
        - 8 minus 2 already purchased + 2 for opstaff = 8x needed
    - opstaff computer upgrade
        - buy new keyboard
        - 2x 4k monitors???
    - multi-monitors 1440p 24"
        - 11x needed + 1 or 2 spare (?) = 12x
- Keyboards
    - Which and when to buy?
    - buy spares for now
- cable locks
    - bought
    - what do we lock them to
- usb-c to usb-a extension cords
    - a bunch of monitors are not working

- Desktops?
    - sponsorships -> Corsair, Nvidia, ASUS
        - we should make a runbook for talking to companies
    - or just buy parts?
- Debian 9 -> 11
    - `never forget o7`
    - no updates
- Wordpress Security
    - Make everyone static?
    - Make all the webhosts static?
- Kube server
    - it's the second week of Sept!
    lol
- Disk failures on riptide
    - Thanks, Samsung!!1
    - Bug with SSD's firmware
    - Purchased new SSDs to swap the old ones out immediately, but won't put it on buy sheet for now, pending RMA and return
    - migrated vg to ZFS since mdraid didn't seem to notice the unreadable sectors
    - need to rewrite some scripts
- RMA'd a failed HDD
    - didn't get back to us yet

### HPC
- Nikhil brought up the issue of itemized quotes
- rjz: I personally don't think it's a concern since the price check out, about a 5% discount compared to the same specs in the configurator
- Discuss: should we switch vendor?
- rjz: I looked for some models and the other 2U ones seem to have 2.5" bays only :\(
- longlian: don't put quotes on me
- vote passes to use this vendor


### Second Staff Meeting
- Opstaff slides are sparse? Probably can't get done in time
    - https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1X4zZYtCJ5t86s1FJu1XGg2RI08-kauJw11y02_UESNg/edit
- ocf.io/teamsus
- going over various ways to get involved, pushing committees and projects heavily
    - as well as staff hours


### Notable RT Tickets
- rt#11894: pw reset needed
- rt#11887: is this just some google contacts thing?
    - correct
- rt#11885: HPC access
- rt#11899: HPC access
    - no, CPU & windows software
- rt#11900: very old account recovery
- rt#11901: account recovery
- rt#11499: account reset follow up

### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
- Add more items to buy this semester: ocf.io/buy


### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt

## Committee Check-ins


### University Affairs
- AAVP James has not contacted us, we will reach out
    - see ficomm notes


### Opstaff Updates
- lab closure at 4 on sat?
- project updates:
    - jeda graphics for socials (work with excomm)?
    - stickers, advertising through MLK/ASUC (any collabs with a comittee needed?), possibly incentivizing flyers (scan a qr code for an extra page?), updating desktop wallpaper and bookshelf organization 
    - feedback form/survey in exchange for pages/stickers (or scavenger hunt?)
        - convert to staff project???
    - did tote bags ever happen
        - no
        - do we want this to happen
            - yes
    - merch store?
        - asked ASUC advisor about taking donations, haven't gotten back to us yet

### Internal Comm
- second staff meeting tonight
- first social this weekend, 4-6pm in lab with snacks and boba if RSVP (ocf.io/social)
- please schedule committees and projects if possible
    - we need technical leads for digital signage, ~~remote printing?~~ (probably not)
- does any other work need to be done to prep for projects? (chat channels, organization work, etc.)
- can we add berkeley.edu as a trusted domain in ocf gapps? since we do work within the ocf gapps we lose features like locking to berkeley.edu and need to open forms and sheets publicly. (https://support.google.com/a/answer/6160020)
    - done - njha

### External Comm
- Activities by Slack/Discord
    - Need more media posts!
    - Communicate with Opstaff for Opstaff Photos (Then Staff)
- People intersted in Hardware
    - Show off OCF computers+Tech
        - What happened to Staff Computer - Parts gone
- Print more posters! +Club poster initiative
- Money for advertising on Instagram?

### Finance Comm
- we had a meeting on sunday
- new members!!!
    - aditya
    - nelson
    - shawn
- see notes https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/yuGHqVGPTkaOBJGhKobbMg
    - tl;dr we have 96k currently (not including ABSA that should have rolled over):
        - 40k ABSA
        - 40k STF rollover (100% of this is going to be used for paying opstaff this year)
        - 10k CASSA rollover (emergency fund)
        - 6k misc
- email draft to James (thanks snarain): https://notes.ocf.berkeley.edu/M1-_y2rUSVWS20fsPhrcPA?both
    - we want to send this email out asap, coordinate with gm's
    - CASSA/CACCSF subject to James meeting
    - ABSA application opens Feb-ish, no need to worry about it this semester
- next time: 
    - coordinate monitors + spare/opstaff kb+m purchase
    - any other large purchases? send them our way
    - buy more stickers using blanket allocation

### Decal Comm
- triaging content
- need to do paperwork and send it to Peyrin (soon:tm:)

Meeting Adjourned at 20:05

Notetaker: etw + bencuan
