Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
bencuan
jaw
kmo
ncberberi
njha
rjz
ronitnath
snarain

Guests in attendance:
jyxzhang*
rayh*

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 6

Meeting Started at 20:14

- Last BoD of Spring 2021
- Continuation of elections (Committee Heads)
    - Accepted Tickets
        - Internal
            - ronitnath, rjz
            - bencuan, ronitnath
            - rjz, jyxzhang
        - Communications
            - rjz, jyxzhang
        - Industry/Alummni
            - kmo
        - Finance
            - ronitnath
            - ronitnath, rayh
            - rayh
        - Decal
            - bencuan

    - Election Results
        - Internal
            - 6 - ronitnath, rjz
            - 3 - bencuan, ronitnath
            - 1 - rjz, jyxzhang
        - Communications
            - 10 - rjz, jyxzhang
        - Industry/Alummni
            - 10 - kmo
        - Finance
            - 1 - ronitnath
            - 0 - ronitnath, rayh
            - 9 - rayh
        - Decal
            - 10 - bencuan
        - ~Returning to BoD
            - 10 - Yes
            - 0 - No

    - Final Election Results
        - Internal
            - ronitnath, rjz
        - Communications
            - rjz, jyxzhang
        - Industry/Alummni
            - kmo
        - Finance
            - rayh
        - Decal
            - bencuan

- Closing Remarks
    - kmo: "Thank you for making me feel at home... There has been a lot of experimentation [due to Covid]... I wanted to thank the new students [and staff] who stuck with us...with in person recruitment I am looking forward to that... Continue this family strategy and it will be a much stronger system when everyone is back in... As a GM who is on the way out so to speak, I wanted to share some of my ideas on what the OCF can improve on...I want to remind you that the OCF has prevailed throughout several challenges despite what happens.We could do a better job revamping staff meetings...seminars and discussions...possibly opening to the general public. Revisiting the committee system is also important. We have enough people, but not enough people to staff the communities. The OCF should focus on improving the goodwill among the community and the reputation of the OCF. There are many reasons why STF failed, and some of the primary reasons could be due to the lack of interest and understanding. I somewhat see this as a failure of what the Open Computing Facility is... we should provide a push for technology [critical services, etc.]. We should do our due part and bring this amongst everyone. I want to thank a few of my colleagues. I want to thank dphan and snarain for Spring 2021 for being an amazing Co-GM... The OCF has a bright future and thank you again. We have been through a few challenges, but thank you." 

    - Look forward to summer meetings (Possibly Saturdays)
        - Likely weekly
        - Hopefully news for reopening and planning

By bylaw #16, as of midnight the membership of BoD is as follows:
anddone
asai
bencuan
ethanhs
jaw
jyxzhang
kmo
ncberberi
njha
rayh
rjz
ronitnath
snarain

These Directors have confirmed their ability to serve as a Director during the
following Fall semester.

Meeting Adjourned at 21:11

Notetaker: anddone
