Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
anddone
asai
bencuan
bernardzhao
hexhu
kmo
ncberberi
njha
ronitnath
snarain
ziyaoz

Guests in attendance:
cooperc
ethanhs

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 8

Meeting Started at 20:10

## Action Item Updates
- Welcome back from winter break!
- First staff meeting is next Monday, 8-9PM
- Sign up for a staff hour slot within the next few weeks
    - Reminder to check your class schedule and add a time that works for you
    - Two ways:
        - Make a PR to https://github.com/ocf/etc/blob/master/configs/staff_hours.yaml
        - Ask someone else to help you do so
            - kmo: DM me your staff hours by this Sunday via Slack or Discord and I'll roll it into one commit by Monday
        - For later consideration: use a calendly, the slots are "staff hours"

## Agenda

### Upcoming Events & Announcements
- Calapalooza Volunteering
    - Virtual tabling (sign up!)
        - January 25th, 26th, and 27th from 5pm-7pm
        - Volunteers:
            - snarain
            - kmo
            - bencuan
            - ronitnath
                - simultaneous tabling?
- Linux Sysadmin DeCal
    - Looking for facilitators!

### What is the vision of the OCF?
- Goals from last semester
    - Improving recruitment during the fall semester
    - Improving inclusivity during the fall semester
    - Solidifying software decisions for OCF organizational/administrative use
    - Opstaff decisions during COVID-19
- **What are our long term goals?**
    - Improving staff _retention_ during the spring semester
        - Carried out by applications + family system
    - Streamlining OCF operations (responding to help tickets, managing administrivia + technical issues)
    - Increasing overall involvement at the OCF (having more staffers attend BoD)
- **How does this influence our processes for making tech decisions?**
    - Same as before, but incorporating feedback is important
        - Try to make get all staff in the loop on projects @ the OCF, but introduce it so that participation is not intimidating
            - Kubernetes may always be intimidating, but you can teach it so that all staff get what they're doing
- **How does this influence our processes for making administrative decisions?**
    - Making BoD more accessible to new staff
        - Invite new staff after the application form to their first board of directors meeting
- **What's the vision and structure for BoD meetings?**
    - Same as always
        - Organizational updates (through committee system + urgent announcements)
        - Important decisions and votes
    - Will make an active effort to ease new staff into BoD
- Feedback
    - Any concrete goals?
    - Making computing more accessible in a world where a lot more people have access to computing.

### University Affairs
- Scheduling meetings with Megan, Eleanor, and Liam
    - with Megan: mostly decided to be around Friday afternoon (~11:00 AM)
    - with Eleanor: undecided
    - with Liam: any day after 5
    - with opstaff: kdr sent out a when2meet, will update later

### Internal Comm
- Socials, events, etc.
    - Events calendar: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1m4QMsp1kkepTgYfPJDr5xZYn3wjtVp67r8xc0vRsTR8/edit#gid=0
- Need to plan for first staff meeting
    - Can we decide on a time to do a dry run?
- Next meeting?

### Application Forms
- One of the two biggest new changes to OCF this semester
    - Will be rolling out this form at first staff meeting
    - All staff (including veteran staff, regardless of position) will be required to fill out an application every semester
    - Won't reject anyone unless the application is _severe_ cause for concern (really, really concerning)
        - What if instead: "Won't reject anyone. We may reject you later."
- Planned version includes important features
    - when2meet for staff meeting + BoD
    - technical interests for this semester
    - other questions from the "Get to Know You" form from last semester
    - will send a follow-up form to complete the application after acceptance
        - will confirm details on how to contact over Slack/IRC/Matrix/Discord/etc
- Staff form (Get to Know You Form) made in progress
    - Link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1HVBT-QXbD8BWJKHY6DEVsQewiyVqCf2WTek1ZVrRG7E/edit
    - Questions? Concerns?
- Changes to be made:
    - Remove mandatory requirement for new staff to fill this out
        - Username + checkbox only (BoD votes yes in favor - 8 yays)
    - Rename the application form?
        - Mimick "Get to Know You" (not voted)
- Other explorations
    - Adding an exit survey to ask everyone how the semester was
- More discussion at the bottom of this document

### Family System
- The other big change to OCF this semester
    - We will experiment with bringing back the family system this semester
- Changes to this term:
    - Making families larger (two big families)
- Let's decide concrete target goals for the system:
    - (replace this with a goal)
- Family heads for this semester
    - Who is interested?
- Ideas for family activities?
    - Movie nights
    - Game nights

### Communications Comm
- Need to send out social media events! emails!

### Industry and Alumni Relations
- What types of events can we do this semester?
    - Would be nice to have a few virtual tech talks

### Upcoming things to watch out for
- Finance Comm - ABSA budgeting

Meeting Adjourned at 21:07

Notetaker: kmo
