Board of Directors (not) meeting Sept 18, 2012
7:23
Held at Hearst Gym, Conference Room 2C

In attendance:
Erica (nosmokingpistol)
Nolan (Yuki`N)
Kenny (kedo)
Brandon
Sanjay (sanjayk)
Timothy (nattofriends)
Kevin (kfang)
Loren (mcint)
Charles
Sung (OcfUser)
Minh
Dara (daradib)
Raphael (raphtown)

== Staff Hours ==

Dara - Staffers must hold one hour of staff hours per week, coming to BoD is also preferable.  Any issues?

Kenny - Need staff hours training

Dara - Meant for current staff

*BoD proceeds to getting sidetracked by talk about updating all the staff@ocf links*

Dara - Someone needs to grep for staff@ocf and change to help@ocf

*Back to staff hours*

== RT ==

Dara - To access go to rt.ocf.berkeley.edu  Email timothy if need access.

== Worknights ==

Dara - Worknight once a week on Sat/Sun (Sat night probably).  Come to ocf, work on a few things, can do some fun stuff afterwards.  Meant as get things done time, and also bonding time.  When works?

*After some deliberation Saturday is picked as temporary solution*

Dara - Bod should be less technically involved, offload technical stuff to work nights.  Avoid flame war in BoD.

== Paper ==

Dara - Buy paper through university, cheaper than getting from staples.  Got a lot of staples rewards.

== Whiteboard ==

Dara - Want to get whiteboard into ocf, more on that later…

== FAQ ==

Dara - Working on FAQ to anticipate most user questions.

== Excess number of monitors ==

Dara - Since we downsized, lots of monitors, should dual monitor.  Trade-off between desk space and monitor space.

== Elections ==

Dara - Next week election.

== OCF Logo ==

Dara - Should color penguin logo, need someone to do it.  There is an .svg somewhere

== Historical Archives ==

Dara - Need to update archives and continue documenting

== Leftover Material ==

Dara - Material lying around, thinking of donating to CSUA

Sanjay - Consider donating/selling

Dara - Plan is to move servers to Hearst Gym right after finals end

== Senate Minutes Parser ==

Dara - Timothy currently working on

Dara - Current senate minutes difficult to access.  Should parse them to look for PUBS groups mentioned to see if action is acquired.  Do something using scales from telebearsoracle for minutes parser

== SM Updates ==

Sanjay - Got online chpass working again

Meeting adjourned at 8:03
