Board of Directors Meeting, September 22, 1997
120C Bechtel, 7:00 PM

The meeting was never called to order because we didn't make quorum.

Welcome: the usual Welcome to BoD.

Present: Ahilan Anantha (ahilan), Aubie Schmidt (aubie), Alan Coopersmith
(alanc), David Walthall (land), Elaine Chao (chaos), James Hillman
(jhillman), Jon Kuroda (jon), Katrina Templeton (katster), Kenneth
Nishimoto (kennish), Paul Huang (pbhuang), Richard Dunn (dunnthat), Rune
Stromsness (Runes), Tom Moore (moray).

Announcements: None

Reports 
	GM--
	  *Stuff for our registration has been turned in, Board meetings
	   will be held in 120C Bechtel for the rest of semester. 
	  *found the numbers for the disks, the last one will be sent in
	   this week.
	  *Purchased the lockdown devices for 217 Eshleman
	  *Went to Excess and Salvage -- no tables.
	SM--
	  *Had a new staff orientation last week, three new people.
	  *There were four new staff members added last week.
	  *Sun (9/21) was a cleanup day.  No senior staff showed up, but
	   six new staff members did.  Thanks to them.  The disk drive
	   parts are now off the floor of 217 Eshleman and stuff was moved
	   between Barrows and Eshleman.  Nothing was done with getting
 	   equipment up due to a lack of tables.	
	  *Talked with electrician about circuits and fuseboxes.
	  *Mailbombing between two people at MIT, OCF was used as an
	   intermediate.  Notified sysadmin at MIT and kept tar files of
	   the queue.
	Treasurer--
	  *Put together a preliminary budget.  Different categories this
	   year, assigned the same amounts to this year as well as last
	   year.  The extra money from the dissolved categories went into
	   Programs and Events.	
	Help Sessions--
	   *Help sessions summary.  X windows--nobody came, HTML--only 8
	    or 9 people showed up, but 3 were university staff.
	    Emacs--one person showed up.
	   *Future help sessions: Alan is holding one on GDB/Purify Wed
	    (9/24)
	   *Tom Moore (moray) is the new help sessions czar.  He showed up
	    at this BoD meeting to explain his help session dream (see new
	    business). 
	   *If you're interested in teaching a help session on most
	    anything, write helper@csua.  There will be a vi help session
	    when a date and time is found.
	EJC--
	   (The EJC rep was absent, report delivered through proxy)
	   *There has been no meeting, therefore there is nothing to
	    report. 

Old Business
	217 Eshelman:  We need more tables.  We need a vehicle to get
tables from Excess and Salvage.  It looks like there will be some tables
available next week.  If anyone could go Wednesday or Thursday between
9:00 and 11:00 to buy tables, it would be appreciated.  Email gm@ocf if
you can go.  Publicity?  Since we're two weeks (at least) from opening,
this probably isn't needed yet.
	
	Budget:

DRAFT of proposed 1997-98 revised budget:

There was $248.50 of unspent funds that carry forward to this fiscal year.

Code	Category			9798	   9697
					Budget	  Actual
1270	Advertising			  100	    0.00
1410	Maintenance			    0	   17.10
1418	Equipment Repair		  750	    0.00
1420	Supplies			  100	    0.00
1422	Computer Supplies		  600	1,719.90
1440	Telephones			  600	  554.76
1444	Postage				   50	   34.45
1517	Programs and Events		8,150	9,153.58
1518	Photocopying			  250	   13.98
1600	Printing			  400	    0.00
	Miscellaneous			    0	   30.85

	TOTAL				11,000	11,524.72

Aubie asked about the telephone budget, that was explained.
Alan pointed out that the "Printing" category was for having stationary
printed and not for fixing the printer.
Elaine said that it didn't matter as long as we don't overstep our budget.
Matter postponed because we didn't have quorum.

New Business:
	General Meetings:  We are required to have two more general
meetings this semester.  What can we do to actually get people to attend?
	*talk about issues important to the OCF user base
	*talk about the OCF services
	*have a debate? (on the modems?)
Elaine will try to dredge up a former discussion on this subject.
For the next General Meeting, a debate on modems would probably be the
best thing.  Need to talk to people about interest and dates available.
We should shoot to have it in three/four weeks.  Format will be a
debate/informational meeting on modems between CNS and ASUC?

	Help Sessions: Tom Moore (moray) was present at the BoD meeting to
explain his visions with the Help Sessions.  He'd like to make it a
separate organization with a structure and an agenda, instead of the
hodgepodge that it is now. He'd also like to teach people how to use
FrameMaker to make some cool looking documentation.  Pondering a De-Cal
class to teach people how to use this nifty program and feed people into
the organization.  He might possibly even look to humanities majors (yay!)
to help with some of the technical writing.  Names he's pondered for the
above are "Student Computing Seminars" or "Berkeley Computing Seminars"
(tricky, because the Help Sessions aren't limited to just students, but
will be run by the students).  There will still be connections to the
CSUA/OCF/XCF, but this plan will just help to play to the strengths of
these groups.  This will also cause more of a mentoring aspect.  He plans
to not only have handouts for the attendees of the help sessions, but also
teachers guides.  If you're interested in helping with this dream, e-mail
helper@csua (?) [sec note: Forwarded this to Tom as well for his input on
this section, because it was his talk, and I'd like to have gotten it
right.]

End of Meeting Announcements:
	Elaine reminds everyone to push in their chairs.
	There is a Help Session Wednesday.
	Some show (couldn't hear the name) is on Sat. at 8:30 on Fox.

The meeting could not be closed because it was never open.

Next meeting (lets make quorum this time!) is Monday, 29 Sept, same time,
same place.

the end

