Board of Directors Meeting


Directors in attendance:
anddone
bencuan
bryli
etw
jyxzhang
kian
laksith
lmathias
ncberberi
ncograin
njha
rayh
rjz
rmxu

Guests in attendance:
adarshiyer
yuc

Guests marked with a * were appointed to BoD.

Quorum for this meeting is 10

Meeting Started at 19:18

## Agenda

### Student Union Open House
- 2/22/22
    - not really planning anything special
- Was this discussed with opstaff yet?
    - yes, during opstaff meeting today
    - opstaff shouldn't need to do much anyways so it'll be ok
- If we order stickers now they will probably arrive in time (?)

### OCF Onboarding Form
- ocf.io/onboarding
- Send this to anyone who asks!
- 37+ responses so far
    - everyone added to staff (thanks etw!)
    - also added to linkedin (?)
    - not yet added to github
- Any further onboarding action items? (emails, adding to staff...)

### Chartstring needed for server colocation
 - the campus datacenter needs a chartstring for billing a campus department
     - i.e. where should we charge the money
     - in the past we've used LEAD center chartstring
     - charged monthly
 - should we ask the LEAD center to use their chartstring?
     - should probably bring it up with Sarah tomorrow
 - or Prof. Hilfinger? (who allowed us to use his dept's chartstring back in 2018)
 - njha


### Hack Day Planning
 - ~~this saturday ???????~~
 - we would need things for ppl to work on
 - bryli: need to finalize group meetings first
     - code tour of some sort?
     - advertise groups today during staff meeting
         - k8s
             - njha is running (w/ etw)
             - most people don't know k8s
             - toy k8s cluster wasn't effective last semester
         - linux infra
             - rjz is running (w/ etw)
         - webgroup
             - kian is running
         - ~~hpc~~
             - njha: maybe not? we don't have enough support
             - ocf jupyterhub ???
                 - harder to manage resources
                 - but more simple to set up
                 - endgame = using desktops as k8s workers for big gpu availability
             - etw: hpc is part of linux infra
             - is anyone even using hpc? main problem is nobody knows how
         - ~~xcf~~ (not a thing)
         - drifting
         - ddr
     - bryli: people just want something to do, not necessarily a project or something big
     - njha: ddr machine starter projects

### Coffee Chats
 - If you're interested, we can note your name down here and internalcomm will have more details soon
     - 2 veteran staff for 3-4 new staff
     - chill get to know you chat
     - we can talk about our experiences / the community / cool projects and stuff
     - spread across multiple days/weeks
     - "mandatory"
     - let's get this set up and announce it next week
         - insert your name here + how many hours you want to spend on this + what you can talk about
         - bencuan + `float('inf')` + decal/admin/internal
         - njha + 3-5 + anything infra (esp k8s)
         - jyxzhang
         - anddone
         - etw + 3-5 + anything infra/k8s + security (but probably not this weekend :sob:)
         - laksith
         - rjz + 3 + anything infra (esp. non k8s) + security (not this wknd)


### Buy Sheet
- ocf.io/buysheet
- Add more items to buy this semester: ocf.io/buy
    - pins
    - monitors
        - linux display scaling sucks, let's not get 4k
        - will put this on hold until we can decide on which monitors to buy
    - stickers
        - poll ?
        - buy all of the designs ?
        - will be discussed next week
    - staff social food
        - approved unanimously
    - hardware
        - HDD's (very good price) and screws approved unanimously
        - transceiver: on hold, can be found for a better price on ebay
        - RAM for fallingrocks (double from 128 to 256gb) approved unanimously
    - Lab supplies (Mouse pads, wrist rests, etc.)

### BoD Queue
- ocf.io/rt 
- no new tickets this week

## Committee Check-ins

### University Affairs
- Things to ask Sarah tomorrow?
    - signatory statuses
    - chartstring

### Opstaff Updates
- Suggestions/ideas for opstaff projects
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TXVl1Snh6WjCIoy6KEHmAblGDC7sYrmvd4Ir1HwWORw/edit?usp=sharing

### SM Updates
 - new disks for corruption installed, migrating data
 - 16TB drives arrived
 - error on one of riptide's SSD, RMA'd
 - NIC for y2k arrived defective, shipped back and replacement incoming
 - server reboot/upgrade this Saturday from 6
     - websites will be down!
     - all of us have after hours access
 - new mirrors server installed, new projects added
     - Fedora
     - OpenSUSE
     - CentOS-Stream
     - Rocky Linux...
 - What to do with the old XCF Dell servers?
     - these are too old to be repurposed
     - L5630 CPUs, released in 2010

### Internal Comm
- coffee chats
- social this sat?
- rock climbing next sat (lan party?)
- people from committees/interest groups want to talk at staff meeting?

### External Comm
- Was busy this week, same as last week
    - Trialed some color to my corner, add more color!
    - Combat Robotics at Berkeley (Glitch) willing to send designs
    - will follow up with student artists
    - Raspi board in progress, need a few items

### Finance Comm
- Met last Friday
    - Spending ideas:
        - New monitors
        - Custom mousepads with an OCF logo/design
            - njha: artscow has custom mousepads for 5.99 https://www.artscow.com/photo-gifts/mouse-pad (first one is $1.00, no minimum order, free shipping)
        - Desktops are old (~8 years old or more), we could/should replace some/all of them
            - but most people just come in to print / don't really use the computers to their maximum capability


### Decal Comm
 - DO compromised droplet situation resolved
 - currently acquiring even more credits for this semester's vm's
 - VM's created and sent out

Meeting Adjourned at 20:03

Notetaker: bencuan
