Minutes for the OCF General meeting
February 3, 1998

The meeting was called to order at 7:21 PM.


In attendance:  David Walthall (land), Kenneth Nishimoto (kennish),
Elaine Chao (chaos), Luns Tee (tee), Daniel Stangel (stangel),
Katrina Templeton (katster), Lee Fink (leekfink),
Jennifer Tsoi (jentsoi), Paul Huang (pbhuang), Ahilan Anantha (ahilan),
Paolo Soto (paulo), Rune Stromsness (runes), Richard Dunn (dunnthat)


REPORTS

GM's Report - The lab in 217 Eshleman has been set up, with about
15 consoles.  There is still much work to be done.  The 2 Ultras
have been brought into service, one has been announced.  Over
the semester, we received more than 10 donations of computer
equipment.  We've also received a good amount of furniture.

SM's Report - All the Apollo consoles have been turned off for remote
login.  They are now being used only as X terminals.  We gained 10-12 
new staff members last semester.  NIS+ was installed on the network.  
The disk box fans were replaced.  The position of staff trainer was 
created.  Future plans include rewriting the help system.

Treasurer's Report - Nothing to report

Help Session Report - Unix help sessions coming up.  Still looking
for instructors.

EJC Report - EJC lost some members last semester, and needs interested
people.  E-week will take place this semester.


ELECTIONS

Much information was given about positions and other OCF policies.
See http://www.ocf.berkeley.edu/

Faculty Advisor - Professor Woodson of the school of Education was
elected.  He will replace Brian Harvey, who is not in residence
this semester.

GM - Elaine Chao was the single nomination for GM.  She was elected
unanimously

SM - Ahilan Anantha was the single nomination for SM.  He was elected
unanimously

Board of Directors - All members in attendance, with the exception
of Paulo Soto and Lee Fink, and the GM- and SM-elects, were
elected to the Board of Directors.  See above list.


OLD BUSINESS

217 Eshleman - The SM will present a report on the status of 217
Eshleman at the BOD meeting in 2 weeks.


NEW BUSINESS

'98-'99 Budget - The treasurer (dunnthat) will prepare a new budget
for next year to be presented at the next BOD meeting.

ASUC voting - The OCF has agreed to take on the task of writing
vote tallying software for the ASUC elections.  chaos and land
will begin the task.

BOD Meeting time - BOD meetings will be held Tuesdays at 8 PM.


The meeting was closed at 8:10 PM


Minutes prepared by Richard Dunn (dunnthat)
