Minutes for the OCF Board of Directors Meeting
February 10, 1998

The meeting was called to order at 8:20 PM.

Board members attending:

Richard Dunn (dunnthat), Elaine Chao (chaos), Katrina
Templeton (katster), Luns Tee (tee), Ahilan Anantha
(ahilan), Dan Stangel (stangel)

Others attending:

Jennifer Snider (jenni), Alan Coopersmith (alanc),
Saar Picker (saarp)


APPOINTMENTS

Richard Dunn (dunnthat) was appointed Secretary.  He
will also continue in the position of Treasurer.

Dan Stangel (stangel) was appointed EJC representative.


REPORTS

GM:  Met with Prof. Woodson about the goals for the OCF
     this semester.  Created a tentaive schedule for BOD
     and General meetings for the rest of the semester.

     Feb 17:       BOD
     Feb 24:       BOD
     March 3:      BOD
     March 10:     General
     March 17:     BOD
     March 24:     No meeting
     March 31:     BOD
     April 7:      BOD
     April 14:     BOD
     April 21:     General
     April 28:     BOD

SM:  Labeled broken/working monitors in 217 Eshleman, but
     unable to move to Barrows due to rain.  Unsuccessful so
     far in booting DECs, but will continue trying.  More
     lockdown kits should are required.

     MOTION: After discussion, dunnthat motioned that
     $250 should be allocated for the purchase of
     lockdown kits.  The motion was seconded and
     passed unanimously.

Treasurer: See '98-'99 Budget under New Business.

HS:  Coming soon: C Survival and Emacs. HAL 9000 talk next
     Tuesday.

EJC: Unable to attend EJC meeting this week.


ELECTIONS

Luns Tee (tee), Richard Dunn (dunnthat), and Dan Stangel
(stangel) were elected to the Disk Usage Management Board
(DUMB).


OLD BUSINESS

217 Eshleman - SM report next week.


NEW BUSINESS

'98-'99 Budget - The Treasurer posted the budget for
the current year.  BOD considered the suggestion to ask for
additional funding from the ASUC next semester.  Final
decision delayed until more information can be gathered
about the status of the voting software project, etc.

Ideas for BOD - Ideas were presented about possible goals
for BOD and the OCF this semester.  Suggestions included:

  -  OCF only help sessions, focusing mainly on UNIX use.
  -  Web-based e-mail system.
  -  Replacing Apollo Xservers with more modern terminal,
     perhaps PCs.
  -  Encouraging the use of the other servers of the OCF,
     perhaps with a revolving login at ocf.berkeley.edu
  -  Cleaning up 217 Eshleman, and perhaps upgrading
     the furniture, painting, other aesthetic projects.
  -  Increasing the publicity, perhaps with two media
     blitzes:  one for the opening of 217, one for a
     General Meeting forum similar to last semester.
  -  More thorough staff training in the basics of
     system administration.
  -  Initiating a computer recycling program, perhaps
     using impending donations as a seed.


BOD ELECTIONS

Jennifer Snider (jenni) was elected to BOD by unanimous
vote.


The meeting was closed at 9:10 PM.

Minutes prepared by Richard Dunn (dunnthat).
