Minutes for the OCF Board of Directors Meeting
March 9, 1998

The meeting was called to order at 6:30 PM

Board members attending:

Dan Stangel (stangel), George Gong (gong), Ahilan
Anantha (ahilan) (SM), Jennifer Snider (jenni),
Richard Dunn (dunnthat)


Others attending:

Saar Picker (saarp), Alan Coopersmith (alanc)


ITEMS OF IMPORTANCE:

* There was not a quorom of BOD members.
* Since the GM was not present, the SM (Ahilan Anantha)
  acted as chair.


REPORTS

GM:  (by proxy) Spoke with Excess and Salvage about removal
     of old equipment.  Needs some staff members to help
     record inventory numbers for E and S.  No progress on Cal
     Day.  Brought in an answering machine for OCF use.  stangel
     and Adrian Thomas (athomas) are working on advertising for
     Grand Opening.

     jenni brought up the issue of an OCF policy in the event
     of a fire in Barrows or Eshleman.  The SM agreed to make
     some decisions regarding this by next meeting.  The issue
     of insurance was also brought up, namely:  Do we have any?

SM:  Lab still not open.  Much of the excess equipment has been
     moved from 217 Eshleman to 67a Barrows.  The machine lightning
     was replaced, and video cards were replaced in 2 other machines.

Treasurer:
     Budget submitted electronically to ASUC. 

HS:  Moved to 1 PSL for last week only.  Coming up are multiple
     sessions on various levels of HTML.

EJC: E-week is April 13-18.  The OCF is planning to have an
     account creation booth during the festivities.


OLD BUSINESS

Printer in 217 Eshleman - saarp reported that the rates should
by $40 + $30/hr for on-site repair.  It was also mentioned that
WHSG would need an IOC number to do the work.  dunnthat volunteered
to talk to Lavonia about getting an IOC number.

New hardware - alanc and jenni again presented prices for various
workstations.  The board discussed various issues, including whether
to purchase servers vs. consoles, whether PCs would be acceptable
as console machines, and the ability to secure whatever machines
were bought.  The decision was again postponed.

ASUC voting - In order of the OCF to handle the electronic voting,
we would need a secure machine and web server to check registration.
The SM agreed to consider the OCFs ability to do this.  It was also
mentioned that the OCF consider asking the ASUC to fund the purchase
of a secure server certificate for use in voting.

Server colocation policy - The draft was again passed out and
commented upon.  Decision delayed until quorom can be achieved.

NEW BUSINESS

No new business


BOD DROPPINGS

Katrina Templeton (katster) was dropped from BOD


The meeting was closed at 7:22 PM.

Minutes prepared by Richard Dunn (dunnthat)
