Minutes for the OCF Board of Directors Meeting
March 30, 1998

The meeting was called to order at 6:13 PM.

Board members attending:

Dan Stangel (stangel), Jennifer Snider (jenni), Luns
Tee (tee), Elaine Chao (chaos), George Gong (gong),
Richard Dunn (dunnthat)


Others attending:

Alan Coopersmith (alanc), Saar Picker (saarp)


REPORTS

GM:   Still intending to fax list to Excess & Salvage.
      Still trying to get information about selling
      toner cartridges

SM:   (by interim SM, jenni).  Shut down machines quite
      a bit over Spring Break for backups and disk tuning.
      Upgraded the mail server.  armageddon will be off
      the OCF roster for the next 3 weeks so it can be
      an ASUC voting machine.  One of the elevators
      in Eshleman was fixed, allowing us to move equipment
      again.

Treasurer:
      Nothing to report

HS:   Planning meeting on 3-31 at 5 PM in CSUA lounge to
      discuss next years HSs.  The cycle should finish
      in the next few weeks, and will repeat.  The Intro
      to Unix sessions will be delayed to coincide with
      our Grand Opening.

EJC:  Nothing to report


OLD BUSINESS

New purchases -
  After some discussion about previous discussions:

     MOTION:  tee motioned that the OCF allocate funds for
     the following equipment
      
       1  4-tape autoloader        @ $2730 + tax + shipping
       3  Ultra/5 upgrades of      @ $1620 + tax + shipping
          current OCF machines

       For a total of ~$8700

     The motion was seconded, and passed unanimously

  The GM agreed to get an official price quote from Sun.

Server colocation policy - dunnthat again presented a draft
  to the board.  After a few minor changes:

     MOTION:  chaos motioned the OCF adopt the server colocation
     policy as written by dunnthat.   The motion was seconded,
     and passed 5-0-1.

  dunnthat will send the final copy to the BOD mailing list

ASUC voting - The software program has been delayed, since the
  ASUC cannot obtain a Scantron machine.  We will kept it until
  needed by the ASUC.  The GM spoke to Rand Wacker about
  getting a list of valid SID numbers for validation during
  voting.  The board decided that the final decision about
  our participation in the voting process should be made by
  the SM.

Printer in 217 Eshleman - After some fiddling, Luns managed
  to eliminate the jamming problem.  However, a missing piece
  in the paper tray forces the printer to treat out-of-paper
  errors as paper jams.  Note to staff:  If this happens, open
  and close the lid of the printer to fix it.


NEW BUSINESS

Tapes - jenni pointed out that the OCF needs more tapes to
do regular backups.  She agreed to bring a concrete
backup schedule and a firm estimate for tape prices to
the next meeting


The meeting was closed at 7:06 PM.

Minutes prepared by Richard Dunn (dunnthat)
