Minutes for the OCF Board of Directors Meeting
April 20, 1998

The meeting was called to order at 6:20 PM.

Board members attending:

Elaine Chao (chaos) (GM), Ahilan Anantha (ahilan) (SM),
Richard Dunn (dunnthat)


ITEMS OF IMPORTANCE:

There was not a quorum of BOD members


REPORTS

GM:  Sun order was stopped, since we did not receive the
     expected 30% discount.  A more accurate price list is
     being researched.  Excess & Salvage removed most of our
     old equipment.  Insurance issue still being investigated.

SM:  Obtained a DEC CD-ROM drive and installed ULTRIX on
     a few machines.  Obtained an Ethernet hub and cables
     to hook up all the machines.  We may not have a problem
     running ULTRIX after the campus site license expires
     since each copy can be used for 2 users, which is all
     the OCF uses it for (root and XDMCP)

Treasurer:
     Nothing to report

HS:  System adminstration session held.  Next week is Intro
     to UNIX, and then repeat sessions.

EJC: Officer elections coming up.


OLD BUSINESS

Bowles server - Postponed until the general meeting

Purchases - Discussion of whether to delay purchase of
tape drive until next year to allow for purchase of 3
console machines.  Final decision delayed until general
meeting

Fire safety policy - The board discussed the creation of
an OCF policy in the event of a fire in Barrows or Eshleman.
Among the items discussed:  Fireproof box for tape backups,
extinguishers in each lab, a staff training session on fire
safety.  The SM will take these suggestions and write
a coherent policy.


NEW BUSINESS


The meeting was closed at 6:55 PM.

Minutes prepared by Richard Dunn (dunnthat)


