
From chaos@godzilla.EECS.Berkeley.EDU Mon Nov 11 19:21:31 1996
Date: Wed, 16 Oct 1996 14:06:45 -0700
From: Elaine Chao <chaos@godzilla.EECS.Berkeley.EDU>
To: percival@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Subject: Minutes.8-29-96

OCF Board of Directors Meeting
------------ August 29, 1996

Those in attendance:
Kenneth Nishimoto (kennish) *
Michael Constant (mconst) *
John Percival (percival)
Jennifer Wray (deery)
Alan Coopersmith (alanc) *
Rune Stromsness (runes) *
Andrew Swan (aswan)
George Gong (gong)
Elaine Chao (chaos) *
Kenji Hubbard (kenji) *
Jennifer Snider (jenni) *

Quorum was reached.
-----------------------------

The meeting was called to order at 7:36pm.

General Manager's Report:

	We are officially registered with the ASUC.

	We have permission to mount the lock box at 67A Barrows with screws.
    Ray Shiflett gave us permission and suggested that we mount it on the
    door.

	The GM went to the first ASUC meeting.  At the meeting, the senators
    decided on committees and meeting times.  As our budget is in 
    question, it would be nice if someone went.  Lavonia Wade, the OCF's
    ASUC advisor, told us that our budget is in question, but would probably
    only gain.  Financial Committee will meet Tuesday, 8pm, in 315 Putnam
    Hall.

	Point:  the ASUC store has nothing to do with our funding.  It comes
    from student fees.

	Help Sessions:  Tom Moore is out of town right now, but he is in
    charge of the Help Sessions.  Ken and Elaine have been planning the
    OCF part of the Help Sessions.  The plan is to split topics between
    the three groups into their strong areas.  Help is needed (both TAs
    and instructors).  They are to start the third week of classes.  Laura
    Kim, in charge of the Microcomputing Facilities, is interested in helping
    the Help Sessions.

	General Meeting: Next Tuesday, September 10, 1996.

Site Manager's Report

	Pestilence died in the last circuit breaker incident (VME bus error).

	Mail is currently on war; FTP/WWW is on death.  Gopher is not there.
    The SM hopes to have 2 IPCs set up soon.

	The User Database should be done in about a week.

	There were questions about lack of staff and of hours.

	Mailing lists are sending mail to odd places.  There was a suggestion
    to prune the mailing lists.

Sparc Manager's Report

	Kenji reports that the password distribution software is not yet done.
    In order to have the users log into apocalypse, this needs to be finished.
    The other services are up, though.  He needs more equipment for other
    clients and has also been working on security issues.

Old Business

	Rob Robertson left over the summer, leaving the OCF with no one to
    do reregistration.  Andrew said that he talked to Rob at his farewell
    party, and he said, "Go talk to Cliff [Frost]."  As Andrew is studying
    for prelims, it hasn't happened yet, and no one else volunteered to do
    it.

New Business

	Kenji's Wish List:  Kenji brought up that he was interested in buying
    two tape drives for the OCF.  He wants to get the one that is being
    discontinued for the Sparc 2s, and a new, autoloading device for the 
    Sparc 20.  He also wants to get a disk controller, which he claims goes
    for about $500.  This is for the Sparc 20, which will soon reach its
    limits of SCSI IDs.  He would also like to see the OCF getting more
    memory.  The Sparc also needs a disk for src (on disk for fourth home).

	Motion made by Kenji to buy both tape drives.  This was amended 
    after discussion that the OCF allot money for the autoloading tape drive,
    plus tax and shipping and handling, not to exceed $1250.  Vote was 6/0.

	Next Board Meeting:  The Board agreed to meet the following Thursday
    at 7pm, room TBA.

	George Gong, Jennifer Wray, and John Percival were nominated for
    the Board of Directors.  The vote was 6/0.

	The item of flyering was brought up.  Flyering was not done during
    Welcome Week due to NFS problems.  Ken and Elaine are planning on doing
    flyers for Help Sessions.  Karl Johnsen (joke) has volunteered to help
    make the flyers.  Elaine also has dorm mailer labels.

General Discussion

	Elaine posed the question:  Where do we go from here?  As it was a
    very vague question, many did not have answers.  Rune offered that one
    goal the OCF has is to get back into bigger rooms after the Dwinelle
    overflows disappear.  Rumor had it that the OCF was going back into 
    the WEB, but apparently, it won't happen.  So the OCF's goal is to find
    supplemental space.

	At this point, the broken vt100 in the office was brought up by Alan.
    George said that he had a spare vt220 at home, and would get it over 
    the weekend.

	Rune then offered (back on the first topic) that the OCF needs to get
    its standard of reliability and reputation restored to relatively high
    levels.

The meeting was closed at 8:15pm.


