Minutes for the OCF Board of Directors Meeting
August 27, 1998

The meeting was called to order at 7:15 PM.

Board members attending:

Richard Dunn (dunnthat) (acting GM), Dan Stangel
(stangel), Saar Picker (saarp)


Others attending:

Katrina Templeton (katster), Paul Huang (pbhuang),
Steve Martinot (marto), David Walthall (land),
Jennifer Snider (jenni), Alan Coopersmith (alanc)


NOTES

There was not a quorum of board members.


REPORTS

GM:  The SAS registration process has begun, including
     attendance at the mandatory student group meeting.
     Flowers were sent on behalf of the OCF to the memorial
     service for Professor Woodson, who served as the OCF's
     faculty advisor last semester.

SM:  (by proxy from jenni)  Summary of the summer:  we
     received our 3 Ultra/5s.  1 is set up in 217 Eshleman, the
     other two are waiting in 67a Barrows to be carted over
     to 217.  We also received 3 HP Monitors that are being
     used on the xterms.  We also received the computers
     formerly known as cory.eecs and pasteur.eecs (now represented
     by an unprintable symbol).  Backups were performed in the
     last few days.

Treasurer:
     Nothing to report

HS:  Help sessions begin Sept. 1 and will run every Tuesday
     and Thursday at 6 PM in 306 Soda.  The first few help
     session will include Intro to Unix and Productive Use
     of Unix.

EJC: No known information.  saarp proposed the creation
     of ejc-rep@ocf and placing that account on the
     ejc-announce mailing list.


OLD BUSINESS

Fire safety policy - tabled until the SM shows up.


NEW BUSINESS

Disk usage management board - A discussion was held regarding
the DUMB and what policies it should follow.  It was determined
that the DUMB was working on information passed down from
year to year which may not accurately reflect the original founding
principles of the DUMB.  It was also mentioned that some of
the founding principles may be outdated now that the OCF has
far more resources.  The board is also working on an Oct 1
deadline to make a decision regarding permanent quota waivers
to evicted server.berkeley.edu residents and others.  The
discussion will continue next week, hopefully leading to a decision
or at least a recommendation to the Fall 98 board.


Disk quotas - A proposal was made to discuss increasing disk
quotas to 10 MB or higher.  The discussion was tabled until
next meeting, when we might have a quorum


Next BoD meeting - The next board meeting will be Wednesday,
Sept 2, at 6 PM in a location TBD.


First general meeting - The first general meeting will be
Tuesday, Sept 8 at 5 PM in a location TBD.


The meeting was closed at 8:25 PM.

Minutes taken by Katrina Templeton (katster), and prepared 
by Richard Dunn (dunnthat)


