		OCF Board of Directors Meeting
		   October 7, 1998

Board members present:
	Richard Dunn (dunnthat) (gm)
	Katrina Templeton (katster) (sm)
	Elaine Chao (chaos) (secretary)
	Saar Picker (saarp)
	Naim Busek (naimstin)

Other members present:
	Luns Tee (tee)

The meeting was opened at 6:19 pm.

Agenda:
	I.   Welcome
	II.  Reports
		General Manager
		Site Manager
	III. Old Business
		DMB
	IV.  New Business
	V.   Elections

II. Reports

	General Manager

	The GM printed out a message sent to gm and sm regarding a chess
	server.  The issue was tabled to New Business.

	Site Manager

	The SM reported that the OCF had an eventful week.  Conquest went down
	on Thursday and apocalypse went down on the 7th, both with disk 
	problems.  The rotating DNS project has been postponed until the 
	servers show a little more stability.

III.  Old Business

	Disk Management Board

	Saar moved that the Board pass the following policy, Naim seconded.
	The Board of Directors passed the following policy with a 5-0-0
	vote.

	DMB Powers:
	  The Disk Management Board (DMB) shall have the authority to grant 
	  temporary quota increases to any OCF account.  The DMB may not grant 
	  an increase that would cause any account's quota to exceed twice the 
	  base quota for OCF accounts, nor may it grant an increase that lasts 
	  longer than the final day of the first full semester following the 
	  date of the request.  Any quota increase request which is given to 
	  the DMB, and which exceeds the time or space authorizations the DMB is 
	  allowed to make, shall be given to the Board of Directors for a final 
	  decision.  The Board of Directors shall have the power to override 
	  any DMB decision in any respect.

	DMB Operating Policies:
	  The DMB shall respond to all quota requests and follow-up messages
	  within 72 hours, including making a decision if all relevant 
	  information has been provided by the user.  The DMB shall send an
	  Email reminder to any account whose quota increase is expiring within
	  4 weeks of the expiration date, to allow that account a change for
	  a renewal.  The DMB shall record all quota decisions, including
	  a count of the votes, and a short summary of the justification for the
	  increase.
	
IV.  New Business

	Chess Club Request

	The General Manager and Site Manager recently received a request
	from the president of the Chess Club to run a chess server on the
	OCF.  After a brief discussion as to what policy allows, the BoD
	decided that it could not make a decision without more information.
	Richard volunteered to contact the user.

	General Meeting Update

	Elaine reminded the BoD that the next General Meeting was coming
	up in two weeks and asked the BoD to prepare for the meeting.  A
	discussion ensued regarding various things that needed to take place
	before the meeting.  Richard volunteered to make flyers by Monday
	12 October and to look into reserving a room in Wheeler for our
	event.

V.  Elections
	Elaine nominated Luns Tee (tee) for Board of Director member.  
	Katrina seconded the nomination, Luns accepted.  He was elected
	4-1-0.

The meeting was closed at 6:48pm.
