		OCF Board of Directors Meeting
		   October 14, 1998

Board members present:
	Richard Dunn (dunnthat) (gm)
	Katrina Templeton (katster) (sm)
	Elaine Chao (chaos) (secretary)
	Saar Picker (saarp)
	Naim Busek (naimstin)
	Luns Tee (tee)

Other members present:
	Jason Cohen (jasonbc)
	Gilbert Lin (glin)

The meeting was opened at 6:20 pm.

Agenda:
	I.   Welcome
	II.  Reports
		General Manager
		Site Manager
	III. Old Business
		Chess Server
	IV.  New Business
		caseinitiative.org

II. Reports

	General Manager

	The GM reported that he has reserved 202 Wheeler for the General 
	Meeting next week.  He has also made "fun flyers," which were passed
	around the room for inspection.

	Site Manager

	The SM reported that the rotating DNS is being scheduled for Wednesday.
	She also reports that the shut-off date for the Apollos will have to
	be moved to either the week before or the week after the original
	planned date due to a scheduled multiple wisdom teeth extraction that
	particular weekend.  She also reported that Alan suggested that we
	should switch IP addresses to Exodus-owned IPs at the same time as
	the Apollo shutdown.  The original IPs will respond until November 30.

III.  Old Business

	Chess Server

	Jason and Gilbert introduced their idea of a chess server, which was
	brought up last week.  The chess code will snag a port (5000) and 
	listen for connections and connect players for games.  He recently
	compiled the code successfully on one of the Instructional Alphas.
	Close to a dozen questions were asked.

	Jason explained that the program he wanted to run was a server that
	would promote chess matches between those who logged on.  Ideally,
	he would like to open it to the general public but could limit it
	to the Berkeley campus if necessary.  He does not know what process
	load it would take.  Jason also reported that it has run on a 386 
	with 15 mb RAM before and so should not be too memory or processor
	intensive.

	Within the program, there are a number of levels of administrators
	who can help add users and set variables for users.  However, there
	are few top-level administrators.

	After further discussion within the Board, the BoD requested that 
	Jason bring in a written policy for guidelines for approving 
	administrators for the program.

	A vote was called by Saar (seconded by Kat) to approve the chess
	server as an appropriate process to be run even when the user is
	logged out.  This was passed 6-0-0 with the understanding that 
	Jason would bring in the policy to the next BoD meeting.

	Fire Safety Policy

	The BoD reminded Kat that it would like to see a Fire Safety Policy
	soon.

	Web Page Design
	
	Elaine reported that she has a proposed generic layout online.  She
	asked for general feedback.

	General Meeting

	The BoD discussed posting flyers, how to handle it and where to flyer.
	Richard said he would try and post it on the web calendar.  Saar
	is going to buy pizza.  Elaine will buy 3 2-liter bottles of soda.

IV.  New Business

	caseinitiative.org

	Kat reported that the ASUC President, Irami Osei-Frimpong, has placed
	the OCF as secondary nameserver for a domain caseinitiative.org without
	asking the OCF.  General consensus was not to do anything about it;
	nameservice will not work if the primary nameserver goes down.  Kat
	mentioned that it was politically related and that the OCF should not
	get involved anyhow.

The meeting was closed at 7:14pm.
