Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
bernardzhao
bzh
cooperc
dphan
fydai
jaw
kmo
ncberberi
nint
php
snarain


Quorum for this meeting is 10

Meeting Started at 19:20

Opstaff hiring.
- interview offers extended
- coordinate interview times in #hiring

Streams are going well so far

Been talking about social w CSUA
- bernardzhao will keep following up

Stream signups for this week
- cooperc and fydai will stream

Interest heads
- when2meets are probably done
- just set the meeting times and go from there
- we can also do a big meeting where we just talk about technical stuff

Communication head elections:
- There is one candidate: snarain
- snarain is elected

Recap email:
- List streams
- Congrats snarain

Looking through old BoD tickets for potential resolution:
- rt#7683: CLA: this should be resolved via a vote to keep or abolish the CLA
  - agreed that we can remove this
  - Vote to remove the requirement to sign the CLA, and remove language about
    the CLA from our licenses. Vote passes.
- rt#7808: lab cleanup: done and closed
- rt#7965: CS Scholars: this is old, but maybe there is still stuff to do?
- rt#7973: Snack service: closed
- rt#8034: Lab access during closures: done, hell yeah
- rt#8196: Mastodon: done and closed

How are socials going?
- Are Discord socials spread over too much time?
  - Maybe, but it's ok.
- Post Discord on Facebook and get more people involved?
  - Moderators should keep things on lock
  - Moderators should try to keep things friendly and have the right to
    arbitrarily delete risque messages
- We'll test this all at the CSUA social

Meeting Adjourned at 20:02

Notetaker: cooperc
