Board of Directors Meeting

Directors in attendance:
bencuan
wqnguyen
nint
bzh
kmo
snarain
ahujaabhik
rachy
jaw
php
hexhu
shein
rminjy
nerissahsieh
minos
christam
evangong
khen
exiang
davidchoiboy


Quorum for this meeting is 12

Meeting Started at 19:13

* <RT NUMBER>: <TOPIC>

=========
Buysheet
=========
 - Air filter approved
 - Retreat / misc funds: tabled
 - Additional air purifier: approved
 	- $600 (a lot of money)
	- No evidence for/against it due to lack of air quality metrics
	- Would be nice not to get sick as much though
 - Tablecloth banner: approved 
 - UPS: approved
 	- some amount less than $2000, 3kW
	- Ideally should buy 2, but can start with 1
	- ~20 minutes of power
	- Automatic shutdown procedure begins when normal power is cut (even without networking)
 - 18x Dell monitors: tabled (will roll out gradually)
 - Bluetooth dongle: approved
 - Mechnical keyboard: approved
 	- Requested by edx for testing
	- Intended to replace current keyboards sometime in the future
	- Pretty solid keyboard, good price too
 - HP High yield genuine toner: approved
 	- 2x for testing to see if it lasts longer than current toner
	- sample size 2 is better than 1
 - 3rd ACL: tabled until more info about cost
 	- New clearance level to manage server room access
	- Not that expensive
	- Give opstaff/staff access to room but not server
	- MLK restricting holiday access
	- Alternative: 2 ACL system with access to both room+server, only difference is holiday access
 - Charging station: approved
 	- Cost = for cables, USB hub for both tables
 - Light switch cover: approved
 - Paper: approved
 	- Recycled paper?
 - Tshrirts: approved

================
Scheduled Topics
================

 - LinkedIn Group: join it
 - OCF Senate meeting: should brainstorm things that ASUC can support us with
 - Chartered Program Senate: good to get in touch with our programs more. Recruiting more staff to come to the meetings
 - Tablecloth: for tabling on Feb. 27th (student resource fair)
 - Internal decor: lots of ideas floating around that we need to consolidate and turn into action items
 	- Get opstaff to design posters?
 - Paper waste: would be nice to have some way to get people to leave pages around
 	- Is it really a problem that people don't pick up their pages? 
	- More discussion tabled
 - Socials: small social -> big social cycle. Talk to php/kmo for feedback/ideas
 - STF meetings: important to attend to make sure we get represented and have funding
 - Tshirts: if we buy >30, the price will be about $10 each
 - New financial accounting system: fava.ocf.berkeley.edu
 	- Talk to bzh for more info
	- Currently, no automation exists for future purchases
 - Decal: need to reevaluate goals (currently hazy)
 	- Evaluation of labs
	- Schedule facilitator workshops
 - Alumni/industry restructuring: Stuff is happening, we'll talk about it later
 - Opstaff hiring: will begin next week. Share application out
 - Signatory training: our slide got removed (?), should meet with Megan to make sure it gets back on
 - Spending:
 	- New server?
	- Spending plan: SM's will cover next week
	- HPC upgrades?
 - SM announcements:
	- Ceph: distributed storage. Needs testing before rollout soonish
	- Interest groups will be announced today
	- New motherboard for jaws (which is currently broken)
 - Meeting with Eleanor:
 	- Are we allowed to have batteries/UPS in server room? yes
	- ACL clarifications
 - Retreat: 
 	- Need to pause and improve planning before moving forward (requested by cooperc and dphan)
	- Will be covered in more detail next week
	- at least 11 are interested

Meeting Adjourned at 19:13

Notetaker: bencuan
