Board of Directors Meeting, September 15, 1997
7:00 PM, 120C Bechtel

Meeting called to order at 7:12 PM PDT.

Welcome: The usual Welcome to BoD.

Present: Ahilan Anantha (ahilan), Aubie Schmidt (aubie), Alan Coopersmith
(alanc), Dana Leite (dleite), Dan Stangel (stangel), David Walthall
(land), Elaine Chao (chaos), George Gong (gong), Jennifer Snider (jenni),
Jennifer Tsoi (jentsoi), Jim Hillman (jhillman), Jon Kuroda (jon), Katrina
Templeton (katster), Kenneth Nishimoto (kennish), Luns Tee (tee), Paul
Huang (n/a), Richard Dunn (dunnthat), Rune Stromsness (runes).

Reports:
     GM--
	Brian Harvey has agreed to be our faculty advisor again.
	Rune began talking to Levonia about the OCF budget
	SAS registration will be completed tomorrow.
     SM--
	Sniffers are still on the campus net.
	There are pieces of the harddrives still lying on the floor in 217
	Eshleman.  But the platters are gone.
	Name tags have been made, thanks to George.
	Last Wednesday (9/17) --> 2nd staff orientation, 217 Eshleman.
	Van last Wednesday (9/17) to get tables from Excess & Salvage. 
	Ordered disk box fans today. $15 as per mail to BOD (six ordered).
      HS--
	Help sessions coming up.
 	Wed 9/17 -- HTML.  Taught by Elaine. Mon 9/22 -- Emacs.
        Wed 9/24 -- Debugging.  Taught by Alan.  Other help sessions will
	be on CGI and interesting stuff like that.
	XCF is restarting their programming help sessions.
      EJC--
	Helped with Career Fair last Tues and Wed. (9/9-10)
 	Had some interview thing going on during Gen Meeting last week.
	Last week's meeting, nothing got done.

Elections & Appointments:
	Secretary -- Katrina Templeton (katster).
	(Anything from this point on is not Dave's fault, as I'm sure
	he'll assure you.)
	ASUC Liason -- ?? (did one get appointed?)
	Help Sessions -- Elaine Chao (chaos)
	EJC Rep -- Dan Stangel (stangel)
 		--meeting every other Tues., 120A Bechtel
	Minister of Propaganda-- Karl Johnson (joke) (?) if not, then
	George Gong (gong)
	There will be other tasks which do not have specific titles that
	the GM will be asking the "squad" for help.  If you are interested in
	becoming part of "squad", e-mail gm@ocf.

	Treasurer -- Richard Dunn (dunnthat)
 	Disk Use Management Board (DUMB) -- David, Ahilan, Aubie.

Old Business:
Due to a lack of previous minutes, there was no old business.

New Business:

Discussion of what to do with 217 Eshleman: Decision was made to clean
it up and install locks on the important stuff.  Staff paperwork and the
phone will be kept in a locked filing cabinet and the key will be
available to staff.  The door will be kept open all the time and the lab
will be an open lab.  Things that might need to be locked down are mice,
keyboards, and monitors.

Equipment/Software: need to get tables, chairs, network cables, lockdown
devices, and plugins.

George motions that we spend $500 on this, Richard seconds it, the ayes
have it.

Ken will schedule a cleanup day for some Sunday.
[addendum: Cleanup day has been scheduled for Sunday Sept 21, from
1:30-5:00.  Bring your ID cards to get into the building.]

Jon will pick up some Ethernet stuff, and will make Ethernet cables if he
can get some plugs.

Apollos: The apocalypse has been scheduled for Nov. 2.  What can we do?
	1) Software patch -- not feasible.
	2) Turn the clock back -- this will mess up mail and news reading,
				  so the idea was advanced to turn off the
				  Apollos to logins.  That is probably the
				  most viable solution right now.

Budget Purchases: We have $11,000 and even with money for phone/furniture,
we'll still have roughly $8,000.  What shall we spend it on?  Some ideas
were tossed around, but it was decided we don't have enough input right
now, and this idea will be tabled for future meetings, when we can see
what donations we have and don't have.

End of meeting announcements:
Elaine asked if there were any non-BOD people who would like to be on BOD.
Congratulations to Dana Leite, our new BOD member.
There is a CSUA meeting on Thurs. (9/18).
Excess and Salvage trip on Wednesday. (9/17)

The meeting was closed at 8:07 PM

Next BoD meeting will be held next Monday (9/22), 120C Bechtel, 7:00 PM

the end.
 
