<html>

	<head>
		<title>Open Computing Facility BOD Minutes 12-4-2003</title>
	</head>
	<body>	
		<h1>OCF BoD 4 Dec. 2003</h1>

		<h2>Toner</h2>
		<ul>
			<li>Devin put in new toner yesterday</li>
			<li>New toner on the way, should arrive tomorow</li>
			<li>Bought two cartridges from somewhere online</li>
		</ul>
		<h2>Money</h2>
		<ul>
			<li>Eleen got some money.</li>
			<li>Eleen ran into Tina</li>
			<li>Eleen the bill, went to Lavonia</li>
			<li>Lavonia said OCF got back the percentage that [Lavonia's organization] cut from student groups</li>
			<li>OCF should get about $1000 for next semester.</li>
			<li>Lavonia needs to talk with Fullmer.</li>
		</ul>
		<h2>T-Shirts Idea</h2>
		<ul>
			<li>&lt;ocfstaff&gt; on the front and &lt;/staff&gt;
			  on the back</li>
			<li>Black shirt white text</li>
			<li>Optional: login name on the sleeve</li>
		</ul>

		<h2>Marking Ourselvs in the Lab</h2>
		<ul>
			<li>Suggestions:
			<ul>
				<li>Neon sign that points to
				  corner computer</li>
				<ul>
					<li>Problem: Staff doesn't always
					  sit in corner.</li>
				</ul>
				<li>Lanyards and badges</li>
				<li>Letter holders with a sign,
				  set it on the monitor</li>
				<li>Cowboy hats</li>
			</ul>
		</ul>
		<h2>Luns</h2>
		<ul>
			<li>Luns had some issues but there aren't 
			  enough people to talk about it, it's a long
			  conversation.</li>
		</ul>
		<h2>Rereg</h2>
		<ul>
			<li>It's against university policy that we 
			don't run rereg <em><b>vs.</b></em> it's a gray
			area and long conversation.</li>
		</ul>
		<h2>Informing Users of their Responsibilites/Privileges</h2>
		<ul>
			<li>Users used to get handouts with their
			  responsibilites and privileges when they got
			  their acccouts approved.</li>
		</ul>
		<h2>Account Forms</h2>
		<ul>
			<li>Should we modify the account form so that
		  	  there are multiple forms in one file?</li>
			<li>Right now there is one form per print job, 
			  which allows users to slip their print jobs in
			  between account forms that are printing.</li>
			<li>If we modify the account form file so that
			  there is more than one form per print job, users
			  can't slip their jobs in, but it saves printer
			  memory and makes the printing go faster, etc.</li>
		</ul>
		<h2>Rewrite approve script</h2>
		<ul>
			<li>Minimize binary portion</li>
			<li>Make it more secure</li>
			<li>Mimize the amount of code that runs as the
			  high level user</li>
		</ul>
		<h2>Alumni Accounts</h2>
		<ul>
			<li>Devin thinks it's not against policy to
			  retain accounts of graduated people, because:</li>
			<ol>
				<li>We're on the ASUC network--recognized
				  as used by ppl not affiliated by campus</li>
				<li>Helps maintain continuity
 				  as an organization</li>
				<ul>
					<li>Institutional memory is nice</li>
				</ul>
				<li>Level of resources used is minmal</li>
				<ul>
					<li>What it does use is voluntary
					  on the part of the OCF</li>
				</ul>
			</ol>
		</ul>
		<h2>No SM Message</h2>
Devin hasn't worked on ASUC cluster for a week ro two

Tenative plan is to buy a switch or two and then run and then 

give one switch to Fullmer to run that floor on DHCP -- asuc executives, senators -- they get dynamic IPs

We use the static IPs

If they gave us more money we could do VPN and things.

That printer we're giving them may or may not work.
- Duplexer was jamming paper?
- Check on removal of duplexer

Eleen: Feedback: How do you feel the semester has gone?

Coming back, what to be involved in?

--

Eleen: could have gotten  more done, like fundraising.  Aim at beginning was to just sustain it: money, things running correctly.  Hopefuly next semester will have more ambitious goals.  Improving website.  Being GM was cool, wouldn't mind doing it again.  Eleen will be back.

jkit: was overcommitted this semester.  Lots of things could have done: more documentation.  Definitely wanted to make the staff more of a community, maybe wanted to start teaching classes?  To educate users on using Sun machines.  jkit really really wants to know the purpose of the OCF.  jkit will be back next semester, and semsters to come.

Devin: thinks semester's been really good, jkit and eleen have been good GMs.  Devin would like to get more involved in the super-technicaly side.  Is fairly involved but hasn't had enough time to get fully involved.  Has been spending time getting new staffers involved.  Doesn't think he's been particularly more ffective, might spend time better just focusing on being more technical and less communal.  Feels like there are major roadbumps that nobody else cares about him?  Feels like running NIS+ affects even intemrediate staff's ability to make changes.  Nobody understands NIS+.  Devin will be here next semester.  Wouldn't mind being ro not being SM.  Would like to see more commitmment but realizes people are mainly into school.  Not necessarily important to most ipeople.  Would love to see the website be good.  Only things preventing Devin from stamping with boot:  No time, and having a project that lots of people can work on gives people a sense of ownership.

Patrick:  Wants to work on website.  Movable type tutorial specifically for OCF?  Wants to learn how to upgrade Gaim.  

elliot: 

Jun: thought it was a good semester, b/c got invovled more.  Didn't have time to do anything.  Sort of wants to mess around with the website, but doesn't know when will be able to do it because got involved in a web project for CS Department.  Wants to learn more about weird server issues.  Apache, htaccess, setting up mysql.  Wants to learn better how that stuff works.

jkit: more structure and organization, in terms of everything

staff hierarchy, roles?  

jun: certain group of people
certain kinds of problems?
Deliniate roles, insetead of everyone knowing everything.

Staff training would be good.

Eleen: current approach is to try to make information available to everyone

LDAP: We can set up an LDAP server.  We just need to sit down and do it.

Eleen: kinda goalless this semester.

Community vs. techncial

Role of GM: more communal?

Eleen: got involved for technical, but feels like should do more 

Devin:
Specialization and depth of knowledge has to be a personal choice

Some things people can't teach you, or it would be time prohibitive

It's great to have people that are knowledgable

It's hard to actually assign people to roles

What happens is you get people who know things about stuff, in general

Jkit and jun: want to learn

phlee: ex. printing quota

changing passwords is scripted.

modular design, so more people can do more stuff.

-----

What is the OCF?

Increasing people's knoweldge on how to use computers?
- Difficult.

Printing, web
A good webspace

More linux machines?

Devin: printing account separate from regular account?

LDAP, separate web interface

Logging of paper

Censor this:
Devin: cracked 700 passwords in 2 minutes on his 2.8ghz comp at work.

Information sessions?

Update staff profiles!

Give users help points, and if you help a user you get help points.

Original purpose in constitution was to provide computer srevices to people who need it.

Mike:
Only almost 24hr lab

News on 2am virus person?  None?

---

A technically able webpsace
Free printing
A 24hour computer lab
Potential for staff community
Spare e-mail

Should we survey people?

Training grounds for sysadmins?

Devin: ALmost doesn't feel like it's more to train people in IT because most of those jobs wiill go overseas

You're either going to be doing it as a career or not have to worry about it

We shouldn't force people to do it

Community who actually want to do it would be cool, because those ppl would be hardcore in 2 or 3 years.

Perks?
A lot of resources
bandwidth 
free printing
hacking?

We generate ideas

Encourage cross-disciplinary people?


</body>
</html>
