Date: Tue, 17 Apr 90 16:05:17 PDT
From: welch
Message-Id: <9004172305.AA00728@earthquake.Berkeley.EDU>
To: ocf, psp

The meeting got underway at around 7:15 and those of the Board who were
present included:
                Andrew          Scott C.        Mike
                Sean            Adrian          Case
                George          Ian             Roy
                Rob C.          Boyd            Sam
                Marc            Adam R.

Partha was also present at the meeting.

Andrew reported that he has made contact with the necessary people about the
General Meeting and has scheduled it for the 6th of May.  It will be at
Dwight Derby, and will be a picnic/BYOF type arrangement, though there will
be a nominal bit of funding from the OCF, though it may come down to donations
from individual members.


Andrew was tasked with making a sign for the picnic, copies of which will be
posted by Board members.

Partha suggested that everyone bring a friend (if they have one) and that if
possible, RSVP so we have some idea as to numbers.

Printers:  Adrian made clear that one of the present sticking points is that
there is some old printer software that was installed by Peter Shipley, and
that modifications were made to the source.  However, all record of these
changes were lost when the files in Peter's account went away.

Banking:  Citibank is now running a special deal for organizations that will
give us free checking for two years as well as some free checks.  The old
Wells Fargo account will be closed shortly as soon as it can be determined who
needs to be present to close the account.

Documentation:  Put on the back burner this meeting since Rob M. and Scott
(the other Scott) were absent.

Partha was recognized as the EJC representative and informed us of a dinner
on social responsibility issues being held Wednesday night at 6:30 p.m.
in 120 Bechtel.  Cost is $2.00 ($3.00 at the door) and is is encouraged
that everyone who can attend please do so.
He also mentioned that Saturday is the E-Week picnic and that you should mail
psb for info.
The request for a filing cabinet is in as well a a request for ASUC funds to
go toward the cabinet.  We have also asked for a key to 220.

As for the talk with Professor Fateman:  We have gotten a request to give a
tour to some group from Florida and have asked permission to go into the
machine rooms.  It should be fun.

Fateman was also asked about getting some math software for the OCF and
while it is unlikely we will get Mathematica, we may get Maxima.  However,
we need to get allegro up first...  Fateman also discussed the history of
the 60 series and about the internal politics of CS at Berkeley.
He doesn't seen to be interested in kicking us out of the basement of Evans
any more.

There have been problems with the user muir and his account has gone away, or
something otherwise bad has happened to it.  He was apparently not a student
and had 15 or so people rhosted.

As for dealing with non-students who have accounts, we will start searching
them out and removing their accounts.  It will be easier to do once we have
a file cabinet, but for now, we will get rid of the ones that are there as we
find them.  Also, we'll be able to remove/delete accounts better once we have
some sort of better backup capability so we can replace anything that needs to
be brought back up.

Do we trust staff?  As a matter of fact, we do.  There was a general vote of
confidence for staff.  Partha mentioned that people on staff have technical
competence, while many BoD members, well, you know...
George described the way things work like this:
        Board makes broad policy
        Staff implements policy
        Staff also uses its wisdom to improvise in the absence of policy

Mike pointed out that it might be good if the staff give some sort of report
as to what happened in the past week.
It was also pointed out that Mike trusts the staff.

A clarification was made in terms of the chain of command.  A staff decision
can be appealed to the Board, and from there it goes to Harvey and then to
Hardyke, the Chancellor, the President, God, and then the Recording Secretary.

Generally, the staff is a fast-moving body that is capable of dealing with the
everyday user problems in an efficient manner.

Mike is a doofus and demonstrated this by splattering Coke all over the minutes
and the minute taker as they were being taken.
