The OCF BOD Minutes!!!!!  (From 9/24/92)

More people than usual showed up to the BOD meeting this time.

These people came:

   emarkp  (general manager)
   kmorgan (site manager)
   peterm  (me)
   runes  	kinshuk       clw        shyguy
   psb          changyes      euphrasi   anniem
(And some other people.  I apologize if I missed you.)

NEW BOARD MEMBERS:
  The following people were unanimously elected to the Board
of Directors:
anniem
chaynges

   (welcome to the board!)


WHAT WENT ON

Kier Morgan  (The site manager) 
started out with a discussion of the status of the OCF
here's a digest:

STATE OF THE OCF:

     THE NEW ACCOUNT SITUATION!!!!!
     The registry is still screwed, despite heroic efforts by kmorgan
	so NO NEW ACCOUNTS!

     kmorgan is still working on the problem (cross your fingers!)

     we have 4742 accounts on the system
	of which 264 are 'sorried' (can't use their account)
	and these people are probably going to be deleted, at the
	discretion of kmorgan.

     bigbang is fixed!!!!
     lightning is still screwed, but will be fixed!

     Dave Friedman is trying to get us a new printer,
     Emarkp is working on extending our service contract

     The CSUA disk is still up in the air.
	emarkp and changyes will go to the next CSUA meeting
	to try to get them to give us their disk.  (We need the
	space!!!!)


THE DISK MANAGEMENT BOARD:

    A lot of you people may now know it, but at the last general
meeting, it was decided to create a 3 person committee to oversee
the distribution of disk waivers.  (Disk waivers allow people with
worthy causes to use more than 1Meg of disk space.)

    emarkp, the general manager, said that he wants to invite people
to become members of this committee.  He is looking for people who
will be responsible about granting disk waivers.  If you're interested,
email him.


The POLI-SCI TA fiasco:

   Well, most of you probably don't know this, but a certain
(unnamed) political science TA decided that he (she?) was going
to have his students turn in their homework by email.  He instructed
them to get an OCF account for this purpose.
   Most of his students had slight problems getting an OCF account,
because we cannot add users right now.
   The TA decided to solve this problem, by having some innocent
victim (also unnamed) distribute his password to the students in
his section.  I.e., several of his students were using ONE
person's account to turn in their homework.
   The management here took exception to this:  the OCF policy
strictly forbids more than one user to use an OCF account,
unless it is a duly registered and approved group account.
   Their illicit group account was turned off.  A temporary
group account was made for them, but emarkp decided that that,
too, was against OCF policy, because only the Board of Directors
can allow a group account to be created.  Their group account
was also turned off.

   The final disposition of this matter is as follows:  emarkp
thinks it is unreasonable for us to create a group account for
this TA when 300+ people are WAITING to get an account on the
system.  He is willing to create an account for them, after
they have gone to the BOD for approval, and when space on the
system allows.



I think all the essentials of the board meeting were covered here,
except that psb was NOT elected to the board.  A lot of other
stuff went on, but most of it is absolutely irrelevant.

People are welcome to solicit my opinions of what went on (peterm@cory).

-----
