Message 50:
From mehlhaff@ocf Thu Dec  3 10:10:14 1992
Subject: Minutes of the OCF BOD meeting on 11/19/92
(109 lines) 

	    Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting 
		on Thursday, November 19, 1992

Meeting called to order at 7:15
    OCF members present:
    Chris Demetriou (newly elected general manager)
    Keir Morgan (site manager)
    Board Members: Peter Mardahl, Kinshuk Govi, David Shy, Chris Williams, 
	Cynthia 'Leigh' Haynes
    Other OCF members: Terry Yeung, ERic Mehlhaff, Andrei Coganman

    First order of business: drafting Eric (me!) to do the minutes

    Keir then moved that we eat the donuts he brought. This was unanimously 
    accepted, and everyone was given a donut.

Site Manager's Report:
    Keir said that the OCF's plagued with lots of disks filling up, corrupting 
    their filesystems.  Nothing too major outside of that.
    We had to deal with a user who was disturbing a lot of people by posting 
    misleading 'news' items to a newsgroup.

General Manager Reports:
    Chris has been persuing some interesting contacts about donations of some 
    better hardware to the OCF.  More details will come if we get something 
    concrete.

    Keir also mentioned he had contacted some people about donations.  
    Basically, the campus HP representative will give us a 'discount' on their 
    upgrade path.  Unfortunately, we couldn't really afford even that.

Other Business:

    We discussed for a few minutes why Chris doesn't have a hat. Since he 
    wouldn't comment, we had to speculate, and after a few minutes, this 
    subject was dropped...

    We did a review of the help session that took place last week, before the 
    General Meeting, and discussed possible ways to improve future help 
    sessions.  Some suggestions that came up:

    Borrowing the CSUA Bat to assist in controlling the flow of the session.
    Emphasizing that users should get or at least read one of the many fine 
        books on UNIX that are available at local stores or in local libraries.
    Chis: "I'm for stepping on people that ask stupid questions."  We reminded 
        him that this was not the CSUA.
    Reasonably regular short unix/OCF help sessions, to be small scale, down 
	in the OCF,  where demonstrations can be done.
    Handing out short (2 page?) documents, sort of like the newuser information,
        to new users (and anyone else that might find them useful).
    Mentioning the regular UNIX help sessions which ar currently run by TCS in 
	the hogan room, and guiding users to them.

 (This reminded us:  Chris needs to talk to TCS about getting TCS to turn on 
 access to the OCF from their dialups again).

    Review the XCF help sessions, and draw from them more.  Andrei characterized
        the last one as 'Bill & Ted' trying to explain UNIX -- kind of fun!
    Make sure to stick solidly to a schedule -- the last one failed pretty badly
	in this respect.
    Make sure that the demonstration 'account' is properly setup beforehand.

The Status of the OCF Printers:
    We talked about the status of the OCF printers.  They had stopped 
    understanding postscript, which Chris thought we could fix with some dip 
    switching...
    (As a side note, work after the meeting did manage to fix most of the 
    printer hardware bugs -- the rest should be fixed soon)

Donation Drive:
   This is on hold until the new disk from the ASUC funding shows up. This 
   will give us enough room for about 500 users.  It won't really allow for an 
   increase in disk quotas, but might let us be a bit looser about the quota 
   enforcement.   
	There still is a some money left over, but probably not enough for 
   another 660 megabyte disk.

   We discussed the possibility of acquiring unused machines from the 
   university.  It could happen...

UC Relay:
   Supposedly, the campus will at sometime soon, setup UC relay, to server
   as a common mail site for all the berkeley campus community.  We
   discussed and/or speculated on the status of the UC Relay, and how it might 
   impact upon the OCF:
	It's vaporware, basically. Don't expect it in the next 3 months at 
   least.  Even if it does get set up, it won't have any of the really useful
   capabilities of the OCF: it'll be text only, accessible only through remote 
   logins; it'll basically only be useful for mail -- probably only a half meg 
   of mail or less; and will be most useful for forwarding to another site
   (like the OCF!).
	What would be _really_ useful for those resources would instead be
    some kind of address database for all the people on campus.  But this 
    probably won't happen.


End of Meeting:
Having basically run out of things to discuss, and because the meeting
was risking running into the Simpsons, we adjourned promptly at 8:00 PM.


The Next OCF Board meeting is Thursday, December 3, in 120 Bechtel, 7:00 PM.
All users are encouraged to attend and participate -- it's not just for the 
Bored Members.


ERic mehlhaff, mehlhaff@ocf.berkeley.edu
OCF staff, printer-czar, games-keeper, ftp-dude, and general busy-body
