OCF General Meeting
2016-02-02
Meeting is called to order at 7:10pm.

Members in attendance:
 - ckuehl
 - nickimp
 - ldw
 - kuoh
 - willh
 - kpengboy
 - (illegible)
 - tylow
 - "immuhage"
 - abizer
 - tmochida
 - clementn
 - nspatel
 - slobo
 - tianrui
 - lilulu
 - baisang
 - tnn
 - mdcha
 - wml
 - jvperrin
 - "Justin"
 - andycui
 - shasan
 - kevinma
 - trliu
 - shichenh
 - shaurya
 - peterwu

Elections:
 - Faculty advisor
    - Brian Harvey: 20
    - Anant Sahai: 1
    - Reddit Guy: 1
    - Invalid/blank: 1
 - General Manager
    - nickimp: 20
    - Invalid/blank: 1
    - Wheezy: 1
    - Vacuum cleaner: 1
 - Site Manager
    - mattmcal + jvperrin: 17
    - jvperrin: 3
    - mattmcal: 1
    - Make OCF great again: 1
    - Invalid/blank: 1
 - "Elections" for the Board of Directors
    - Everyone in attendance is "elected"

 - New SMs give the presentation of OCF basics
 - At the last meeting the Tuesday morning opening time was changed. According
   to Chapter 6 of the constitution, BoD can no longer change the Tuesday
   morning opening time for the remainder of the semester. kpengboy proposes
   allowing the Board of Directors to change the Tuesday morning opening time
   for this semester.
    - Unanimous

Meeting adjourned at 7:34pm.

OCF Board of Directors
2016-02-02
Meeting is begun at 7:34pm.

All members at the previous general meeting are in attendance.

 - Discussion of budget
    - $8800 spent on printing last semester
    - Expected to spend ~$5000 this year on printing
    - Other expenses mean that we have about $5770 remaining for this semester.
 - ASUC senator Andre Luu would like to hold a FAFSA workshop in the lab on
   February 17-18
    - He needs ~14 computers
    - It is decided to permit this event on the condition that the lab
      remain open to the general public, that they provide their own
      projector, that additional pages of printing are not to be granted,
      and that they must be finished by closing time.
 - ckuehl proposes an allocation of $200 for a new fridge,
   hot water heater/electric kettle, and coffee grinder from the misc fund
    - Unanimous
 - Possible ideas for tech grant fees
    - Buying new server
       - Split over two grants
 - Printing is skyrocketing
    - 6000-7000 pages frequently
    - We are frequently seeing daily page records being set
    - Printers constantly jamming
    - Our printers will be destroyed and we will go bankrupt at this rate
    - We will collect printing data and will decide how to reduce printing
    - Statistics
       - Top 50% of printing done by 17% of users
       - Top 10% of printing done by 3% of users
    - We had some discussion on what to do. It is thought that we may have to
      cut the daily and/or semesterly quotas.
       - We will have to decide carefully how to present this to the public

Meeting is adjourned at 8:23pm.
