OCF Board of Directors
2016-04-26
Meeting called to order at 7:10pm

Directors in attendance:
 - kpengboy
 - kevinma
 - nspatel
 - shaurya
 - willh
 - zdong
 - andycui
 - shasan
 - baisang
 - jvperrin
 - kuoh
 - mattmcal
 - tmochida
 - ldw
 - tnn
 - abizer
 - ldw
 - mdcha
 - lilulu
 - mprat
 - peterwu
 - nickimp
 - ckuehl
 - justinc
 - shichenh
 - tianrui
Non-directors in attendance:
 - slobo
Guests in attendance:
 - caseyzhangzhang

 - Cake for ckuehl's last BoD meeting
    - And also peterwu's last BoD meeting
 - LAN party next Saturday, ~7:30pm
 - New printer, papercut, has arrived
    - Connected to dev-pollution
    - Can do ~50k a month
    - Awaiting launch of new quota system
    - Miraculously logjam hasn't failed yet from the 2x load
 - How to spend the rest of the money??
    - Second new printer?
    - New monitor?
 - nickimp proposes buying another printer, identical to papercut, with Tech
   Fund money and whatever ASUC funds are needed after the tech fund money is
   spent.
    - $3400 allocated
    - All in favor
 - nickimp proposes $200 for buying another keyboard and mouse to replace the
   one that somebody stole
    - All in favor
    - peterwu, lilulu, etc. go around writing "OCF" on every keyboard in the lab
 - Sweatshirts have been ordered, coming Monday of finals week
    - ~$48 per shirt
    - Paid for from misc fund
    - People each owe the OCF $24
    - mattmcal is collecting the reimbursements via check or Venmo
    - Pick the size you asked for
 - Follow-up meeting with Becca
    - Need senator support. Which senators are willing to support us?
    - Things needed to do in fall:
       - Meet with pubstaff adviser to discuss transition
       - Ask tech fee people if they could be willing to support.
          - Tech fee due in January
       - Ask about referendum process (for direct student fees)
          - Referendum proposals due in November
    - No updates about the Amazon sponsorship thing
 - Odor reduction mechanisms
    - Air purifier would last ~3 weeks in a space the size of the OCF
    - nickimp proposes $25 for box fan
       - No one seriously objects
 - $25 for cake or giftcard for Geoff
 - Ajudication for the budgeting bet (lilulu v. ckuehl (2016))
    - lilulu claims he won because his pre-appeal bet was closest to our
      allocation
    - ckuehl claims he tied with lilulu because his post-appeal bet is equally
      as close to our allocation as lilulu's pre-appeal bet
    - The Board decides 15-2 in favor of lilulu.

BoD is PROROGUED at 7:54pm.
