Date: Thu, 2 Sep 1999 18:51:04 -0700 (PDT) From: "e l l e :)" 
<suzuki@CSUA.Berkeley.EDU> 
Newsgroups: ucb.org.ocf
Subject: OCF Staff
Meeting #1
--------------------------------------
OCF Staff Meeting Minutes     09.01.99
--------------------------------------

[staff present: tee, kenao, smcc, jones, suzuki, jeffe, isaacf, ajani, katster]
[time begin: 5:10pm]        I. SM report: re-installs.        II. Old business: ASUC server.        III. New business:                1. General Meeting #1                        ---> next Wed. 09.08.99 5pm place TBA.                2. Staff Interests        jones: ASUC/people contact, communication, GM co-position        suzuki: web stuff, secretary, other?        jeff: no comments at this time        isaacf: ditto        ajani:technical stuff        katster: sm        tee: root        kenao: GM        smcc: technical stuff                3. MP3's ok on personal web space.                4. jones discusses CSUA web quota; space allocateddepending on one's role/ contribution to organization.                5. Ultra 10's donations from SUN?                6. printer --> ASUC insured; get new one soon???                7. scanner coming soon.                8. staff hours: min 1hr/week.  Please sign up a fixed timeslot soon!  Deadline: Friday?                9. OCF is moving to 310/312 Eshleman but no for a fewmonths; need keys, among other things.[meeting adjourned 5:56 pm][minutes by: kenao (1st half); suzuki (2nd half)]---------------------------------------[end suzuki's notes]--------------9-4-1999, an account by kenao: 9.1.99Correction: tee took notes for 1st half.Personal meeting notes by kenao, below:--------------Maybe the meeting was adjourned at 6 o'clock, but we certainly did more that day. First we sat around talking a little bit, then we went to check on the server room. Afterwards we made a presentation to the ASUC Senate who happened to be meeting that night. This must have been around 8pm or so, and we should thank Senator Victor profusely for getting us onto announcements. Devin gave a prepped talk about OCF's history, which undoubtedly and by no fault of their own, most Senators do not know about. Neither did I. OCF grew out of 1970's era clubs and has done much for students in the 1990's. He also said that our main concern is space allocation, and that we absolutely need a lab presence on campus.After this, a few senators asked questions. Senator Shireen asked pointed questions about lab usage, and Preston asked about UNIX and how students find it difficult to use. Devin and I answered these questions. Yes, OCF has not publicized or had a big staff in several years. We now have both.After the ASUC presentation we went back to the Drop-In Lab and Devin and I rolled over the website that night. Some xblast was also played, briefly.At about 11:30pmpt we left.
