Date: Tue, 14 Sep 1999 14:48:37 -0700 (PDT)From: Jennifer Tsoi <jentsoi@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>To: bod@OCF.Berkeley.EDUCc: admin@OCF.Berkeley.EDUSubject: OCF General Meeting Minutes, 08 September 1999General Meeting minutes, for your approval.  Corrections/comments welcome. If there are no corrections/comments, I'll post this to ocf-announce onFriday.Jen-----                        OCF General Meeting                         08 September 1999In attendance:        Stephen Callahan (calman)        Eugene Chan (ceugene)        Wendy Hwang (wenhwang)        Devin Jones (jones)        Bem Jones-Bey (ajani)        Susie Kang (skang)        Yosen Lin (yosenl)        Steve Martinot (marto)        Stephen McCamant (smcc)        Ken Ott (kenao)        Susie Tang (gumdropgirl@geocities.com)        Katrina Templeton (katster)        Luns Tee (tee)        Jennifer Tsoi (jentsoi)                The meeting was opened at 5:20pmAgenda:        I.   Welcome        II.  Who We Are        III. Reports                General Manager                Site Manger        IV.  Elections        IV.  Old Business                       V.   New Business                Constitutional Amendment (by order of SAS)                Quotas                Brainstorming                BoD meeting time        VI.  Announcements        VII. Go HomeII. Who We Are        Kat gave a short overview about the OCF.        III. Reports        General Manager        Ken and Devin gave the GM's report.  They want to do more publicity        and gain more publicity for the OCF.  Ken reports that SAS agreed        to put a link from their website to www.ocf.berkeley.edu  They         redid the OCF webpage last week, making it easier on the eyes and        easier to find information.                       Site Manager                Kat reports that she has been helping out Ken and Devin.  She and        Luns brought the new disk boxes online over the Labor Day weekend.        IV. Elections        General Manager        Devin Jones was nominated, and accepted on the condition that he        and Ken Ott could share the GM position.  Devin and Ken were        elected 10-0-1.                Site Manager                There were 3 nominations: Katrina Templeton, Luns Tee, and         Jennifer Tsoi.  Kat was elected SM.                Board of Directors                All members in attendance, with the exception of Steve Martinot,        and the GM- and SM-elects, were elected to the Board of Directors.        See above list.                Faculty Advisor                Brian Harvey and Paul Hilfinger were nominated as advisors.        Professor Harvey was elected 10-1-0.                Disk Usage Management Board (DMB)                Stephen Callahan, Bem Jones-Bey, Stephen McCamant, and Luns Tee        were elected to the DMB.  In case of a 2-2 deadlock on decisions,        the SM would cast the deciding vote.                              V. Old Business        There was no old business.        VI. New Business        Constitutional Amendment (by order of SAS)                The SAS office required that we replace the hazing and         non-discrimination clause in the membership statement in         our constitution with the following:        "We will not haze according to California State Law; we will not        restrict membership based upon race, color, natural origin, religion,         sex, physical and mental disability, medical condition (cancer-related         or genetic characteristics), ancestry, marital disability, age,         sexual orientation, citizenship or status as a covered veteran         (special disabled veteran, Vietnam-era veteran or any other veteran         who served on active duty during a war or in a campaign or expedition         for which a campaign badge has been authorized)."        Stephen McCamant motioned that we also add "any major" to the list        of items that by which we do not restrict membership. The amendment         was passed unaminously.                Quotas                Kat motioned that disk usage allocation for users be increased        as follows:                 8MB  home directory                 8MB  web directory                10MB  mail        The motion was passed and will take effect as soon as the new        disks are brought up.                Brainstorm                We brainstormed about spending ideas (such as t-shirts, supplies,        more publicity), increased platforms/hardware we could support        (PCs/Macs/NT, etc.), and increased services (such as web-based        email)                BoD meeting times                BoD meetings will be held Mondays at 5pm.VII. Announcements        There were no announcements.     The meeting was closed at 6:55pm.