Date: Wed, 15 Sep 1999 22:40:35 -0700 (PDT)
From: Jennifer Tsoi <jentsoi@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>
To: bod@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Subject: Board of Directors Minutes, 13 September 1999

BoD minutes, for your approval.  If I don't hear anything, I'll post these
up on Friday as well.

---
                OCF Board of Directors Meeting
                        13 September 1999

Board members present:
	Stephen Callahan (calman)
	Eugene Chan (ceugene)
	Devin Jones (jones) (gm)
	Stephen McCamant (smcc)
	Yosen Lin (yosenl)
	Ken Ott (kenao) (gm)
	Susie Tang (suztang6@uclink4)
        Katrina Templeton (katster) (sm)
        Jennifer Tsoi (jentsoi)
        
Other members present:
	Brian Buchanan (brian@soda)

        
The meeting was opened at 5:15pm

Agenda:
	I.   Welcome
	II.  Reports
		General Manager
		Site Manger
	III. Staff Hours
	IV.  Budget
	V.   Publicity
	VI.  Advisor
	VII. Web-serving policy

II. Reports

	General Manager

	Devin reports that nothing's really happened since last week.
	The webpage continues to be worked on, and there's a new logo
	on the front page.  Contact gm@ocf if any staff is interested
	in helping out with the webpage or publicity.  The CSUA has 
	some hardware that they can donate to us.  Devin will get 
	more concrete details next time.
	Ken reports that a DailyCal writer asked for information
	about the OCF and that we may soon appear in a DailyCal article.
	Regarding the Ultra10 donations, we should know something by
	the end of the month.
	
	Site Manager
	
	Kat reports that Luns brought up the new disks on death, and
	so quotas were increased accordingly.  New quota allocation
	(as approved last week):
		 8MB home
		 8MB web
		10MB mail
	
III. Staff Hours

	Devin encouraged all staff to hold at least 1 hour of staff
	hours to accommodate all the users that may be coming in for
	rereg.  Rereg will hopefully start in the next couple weeks.
	Tabling on Sproul was extremely successful for us last Wednesday,
	(we passed out flyers and got about 40 new user signups from
	the table).  Thus, we should continue to do so, at least 1 day 
	a week.  Staff who would like to hold staff hours and/or table 
	can contact Kat or Ken.  There was also talk about possibly
	tabling at other areas, such as Northgate, Wurster, etc.
		        
IV. Budget

	We discussed possible ideas for this year's purchases.  We
	have about $13,000 available to spend.
	High priority items:
	    Printers (HP LaserJet?)		$2,500
	    New Disks + Boxes (more quota!)	$5,000
	    Publicity (flyers, t-shirts, etc)	$2,000
	    Security (lock-down kits, etc)	$1,000
	    Scanner/CDR (we already have these!)    $0
	We'd have about $2,500 left.  Purchasing ideas which were 
	tossed out:
	    PCs/Macs/other cool projects
	    neon sign (if/when we get a 24 hour lab space)
	    big umbrella (for tabling)
	    web-cam(s)
	    digital camera(s)

V. Publicity

	Ken is looking into the possibility of purchasing a large
	vinyl banner, the kind you see hanging from the balcony of
	the student union.  Ken also asked for help in making and
	distributing flyers.  He mentioned the reshalls and campus
	buildings as places to distribute.

VI. Advisor

	Kat went to speak with Brian Harvey, who agreed to be our
	faculty advisor.

VII. Web-serving policy

	Brian Buchanan from the group 2MarsBy2012 requested that the
	OCF colocate their server according to our colocation
	policy.  He provided written answers to the questions listed
	on our policy, and Devin read them aloud.  The Board asked
	a few follow-up questions, and then passed his colocation 
	request 6-0-0.

	The web-serving policy discussion was tabled for the next
	BoD meeting.  Due to a scheduling conflict, the next meeting 
	will take place on Wednesday (instead of Monday), 
	September 22, 1999 at 5pm.  Location TBA.  We will also
	decide on the permanent day of the week to meet.

The meeting was closed at 6:15pm.
