Minutes put online 15 Jan 2000 by Ken Ott.




Date: Mon, 18 Oct 1999 12:48:21 -0700 (PDT)
From: Jennifer Tsoi <jentsoi@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>
To: bod@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Subject: The BoD Minutes - 10/13-1999 (fwd)

Dear bod,

Here are the minutes for the 10/13 meeting, taken by EugeneC and edited by
Devin. I'm still working on the 10/6 minutes.  :)

Jen

---------- Forwarded message ----------
Date: Fri, 15 Oct 1999 11:23:20 -0700 (PDT)
From: Devin Jones <jones@CSUA.Berkeley.EDU>
To: jentsoi@OCF.Berkeley.EDU
Subject: The BoD Minutes - 10/13-1999

Hi Jen, here's the minutes, ken and I think they are ok, do you usually
send it out to all of board for approval?

-Devin
------

                OCF Board of Directors Meeting
                        13 October 1999

	BoD Members Present:
		Ken Ott (kenao) (gm)
		Yosen Lin (yosenl)
		Susie Tang (suztang)
		Stephen McCamant (smcc)
		Eugene Kim (eek)
		Bem Jones-Bey (ajani)
		Devin Jones (jones) (gm)
		Eugene Chan (ceugene)
		Stephen J. Callahan (calman)

	Also Present:
		Kaliya Young (kaliya)

	Board members absent:
		Katrina Templeton (katster) (sm)
		Luns Tee (tee)
		Jennifer Tsoi (jentsoi)
		Akop Pogosian (akopps)

5:08 PM - Meeting Opened

Agenda:
        I.   Welcome
        II.  Reports
                Site Manger  (unofficial, by osmosis)
                General Manager
        III. Old Business
        IV. Melee
	V.  New Business
		Games Policy
		Names Policy
        VI.  Go Home

II. Reports

	Site Manager Report (unofficial)

	Since the SM wasn't present, the board did it's best to pass
	on to each other what they had observed over the last week:

	The systems are mostly happy:
	- issue with network cabling for Ultra5s?
	  \_Devin notes that he has experienced net-outages around 5pm
	    several days in a row.

	New Software:
	- Akop installed
		Netscape 4.7 (Netscape4.7)
		Star Office (soffice_setup)
	- Bem 'will' install
		PGP
	- Steve (smcc,) Ken, Devin are working on setting up webmail 'real
	  soon now'


	General Manager Report

	New account registration form was created by Devin
	-reflects campus regulations on requesting or holding "student
	 information"

	News from Devin's talk with Jack McCredie, Vice Chancelor, IS&T:
	Devin went to chat with Jack for three reasons:
	1.) To update our memorandum of understanding.
	2.) To ask about the new plan to charge for net-taps on campus.
	3.) To get Jack's approval to request "student information" from
	    the office of the registrar.
	- Memorandum of Understanding
		Jack and Devin went over the MoU, item by item, and Jack
		decided that the 1988 MoU is out of date, null & void.
		Devin proposed a new MoU, but Jack wasn't interested,
		because "The OCF has no relationship with IS&T, aside
		from the space in 72 Barrows."
		Jack forewarned us that we may face relocation from
		72 Barrows server room within 1 year, and offered to help
		us locate another space, if the need arises, but cautioned
		us that he can only lend us space that has already been 
		allocated to IS&T.  If that is not available, then we will
		have to arrange it with another department.
	- charging for network taps
		Jack reported that this is not being enacted yet, and so 
		we can't formulate any sort of arrangement.  Besides, he's
		probably not the one to talk to about this.  For more info
		on the proposed plan, find the document, "scalable network
		funding."
	- getting registration info for reregs
		When Devin went to the Office of the Registrar to request 
		access to the "student information" database, they said
		that he should get Jack's permission, but Jack felt that
		it wasn't his decision, and that there are greater legal
		issues (federal law).  The final decision is up to the
		office of the registrar, and depends on if we are in 
		compliance with their policies on the matter.  (see new
		user-account-form, mentioned earlier).

	Staff page now available.
		Devin created a staff page for staff (both physical and
		network-only) to share what projects they are working on
		for the OCF.  This will hopefully create a single place
		for people to look to check if someone is working on 
		something and should be notified, or asked permission 
		if a different staffer wants to change something.

	Pricing for new lounge
		The big project is the new lab.  Ken and Devin worked late
		into the night pricing out the different elements, so they
		can be examined by the ASUC.

	Tabling issues
	The SM brought up some issues with the tabling method of account
	creation.  Staff are admonished to:
	-check all forms for completeness and legibililty
	-make sure the account is reg'ed and approved before it is filed
	-check with more knowledgable staff if there is any questions

III. Old Business

	Old business tabled till next time.  See last minutes for topics.

IV.  Melee

	There was a brief period of chaos as the BoD paused to partake in
	Steve's (calman) chocolatey candy.	

V.   New Business:

Gaming Policy:
	Old policy: 
	roughly:  no games between 11 AM and 5 PM

	New policy: 
	"Games are permissible, but academic work has priority. If
	another user requests to use a computer which is being used for
	games while no other comparable hardware is available, the
	workstation must be turned over to that user."

	"In addition, if a staff member is playing games and a user
	requires staff assistance, helping the user takes priority over
	gaming."

	Vote: 9-0-0, resolution passed.

Names policy:
	Old policy:
	roughly:  must be based on real name, no numbers
	
	New policy:
	"New users may select any name which is available and compatible
	with the operating system, and is not vulgar or offensive or
	maliciously misleading."
	
	Vote: 9-0-0, resolution passed.
	
Staff Social:
	Oct. 23 at Tilden or LHS
	Some people comitted to bringing certain food items, the complete
	list will be put online, and a message will be sent out soon.
	
6:06 PM - Meeting Closed
