                 Open Computing Facility Elections Meeting
			Thursday, February 3, 1994

Present at this meeting:

Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf)              Peter Norby (norby@ocf)
David Shy (shyguy@ocf)                 Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)
Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)              Chris Williams (clw@ocf)
Lars Nathan Smith (lars@ocf)           ERic Mehlhaff (mehlhaff@ocf)
Marco E. Nicosia (marco@ocf)           Amy Baron (amee@ocf)
Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)                    David G. Paschich (dpassage@ocf)
Tracy Richard Scott (trscott@ocf)      Ari Zilka (ari@ocf)
Ross Chan (rosschan@ocf)               Eric P. Lee (leeep@ocf)
Nevin Cheung (nevman@ocf)              Andrew Swan (aswan@ocf)
Marcelino Enriquez (marc@ocf)          George William Herbert (gwh@ocf)
Sam Trenholme (set@ocf)                Dave Wong (dave@ocf)
Thomas Cheshire Moore (moray@ocf)

AGENDA:

 o Confirm faculty sponsor
 o Elect General Manager
 o Elect Site Manager
 o Elect Board of Directors

The meeting was called to order by Keir Morgan, General Manager, at
approximately 7:15 p.m.

CONFIRM FACULTY SPONSOR

Brian Harvey was confirmed as the faculty sponsor by unanimous vote.

ELECT GENERAL MANAGER

Keir gave a short speech about the duties of the General Manager.

The floor was opened to nominations.  Nevin Cheung was nominated and did
not decline.  Jean, Andrew, Kenji, David Shy, Tracy, Tom Moore, Rune, and 
Keir were nominated and declined

Peter Norby moved to close nominations, seconded by Rune.

The nominee was peppered with questions.

Peter Norby moved to call for a vote, seconded by Rune.

The results of the secret ballot vote were:
	Nevin	11
	abstain	 2
so Nevin was congratulated on his new position.

Random other votes were also received for !psb (3), yes (1), and Keir (2).

ELECT SITE MANAGER

Lars gave a short speech about the duties of the Site Manager.

The floor was opened to nominations.  Ari Zilka and Peter Norby were 
nominated and did not decline.  Kenji, Amy, Keir, Nevin, Peter, Lars, Rune,
Eric Lee, ERic Mehlhaff, Marco, and Andrew were nominated and declined
the nomination.

Dave Paschich moved to close nominations, seconded by Lars.

The nominees were asked a bunch of questions.

Marco moved to call for a vote, seconded by Dave Paschich.

The results of the secret ballot vote were:
	Ari	15
	Norby	 2
and Ari was congratulated (and consoled) for his new duties.

One other vote was received for Peter Shipley.

ELECT BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Self-nominations were accepted for the Board of Directors.  Nominees
were Jean, Amy, Kenji, Rune, Lars, Eric Lee, Chris, and Keir.

No negative votes were cast for any of the people running for the BoD,
so all eight were elected to the BoD.


Nevin announced that a meeting time for the Board of Directors will be
announced soon.

The meeting was adjourned at 8:05 p.m.


Respectfully submitted,

Rune Stromsness
