Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting - Feb. 23, 1994

In attendance:

 * Kenji Hubbard (kenji)		* Andrew Swan (aswan)
   David Shy (shyguy)			* Chris Williams (clw)
 * Eric Lee (leeep)			  Ben Cottrell (benco)
   Sam Trenholme (set)			  Ross Chan (rosschan)
   Steve Martinot (marto)		  Marco Nicosia (marco)
 * Jean Yim (jyim)			* Keir Morgan (kmorgan)
 * Ari Zilka (ari) (Site Manager)
 * Nevin Cheung (nevman) (General Manager)

					* denotes board members.

Missing were Lars Smith (lars), Amy Baron (amee), and Rune
Stromsness (runes)


The meeting was called to order at 7:27 PM by Nevin.

The first order of business was the election of the Disk Usage
Management Board (DUMB).  The DUMB is in charge of granting
disk quota waivers.

Nominations were opened, and clw, marco, and rosschan were nominated.
Since the board consists of 3 members, the nominees were approved by
acclamation.

The next order of business was the site manager's report.  Ari
reported that the reason for the recent rash of crashes is still
undiagnosed.  Plague also seems to be having more than its share
of problems recently.

A 3rd slave registry may be added to reduce the load on typhoon and
plague, and the cron/inetd problems seem to be spreading to more
machines in the cluster.

The grant for a new disk has been approved, and Marco reported that
he has located at least one, and possibly two, 380 megabyte disks
to spend the money on.  The first disk will go in whirlwind which
currently does not have a disk, and the second would replace the
70 megabyte disk in locusts.  In addition, another 380 megabyte disk
and two disk drive controllers should be on their way soon.

Also, the position of disk tsar (or disk manager for the politically
corrrect) was still up in the air.  leeep, kenji, and marto expressed
interest in dividing the work, so Ari will appoint the new disk tsar
soon.

Nevin next mentioned a complaint he received from a user.  She was
concerned that there is too much division in the OCF between the
staff and the rest of the users, and that staff is inaccessible and
not helpful to new users.  It was agreed that staff should try to
make sure that technical terms are avoided when possible and
announcements should be kept brief so that the important
announcements will still be seen.

Finally, Ari mentioned that an announcement has been posted to
recruit new staff, despite his objections.  There was some discussion
about training staff, and it was generally agreed that new staff
will be added if they are interested, but that only active staff
members will remain on staff.

The meeting was then adjourned at 8:01 PM.

Respectfully submitted,
Andrew Swan

