Minutes of the OCF Board of Directors Meeting
April 20, 1994

Present were:

   Andrew Swan (aswan)			* Thomas Waung (twaung)
   Jennifer Snider (jenni)		  Marcus Lauer (melauer)
   Steve Martinot (marto)		  Rob Robertson (rob)
   Sam Trenholme (set)			* Rachel Yotter (raytrace)
   Amy Baron (amee)			* Kenji Hubbard (kenji)
   Nilay Patel (nilayp)			  Marco Nicosia (marco)
 * Chris Williams (clw)			  David Shy (shyguy)

 * Ari Zilka (ari)		-- Site Manager
 * Nevin Cheung (nevman)	-- General Manager

ERic Mehlhaff (mehlhaff) and Keir Morgran (kmorgan) straggled in late.

The meeting was called to order at 7:11 PM by Nevin.
(although quorum [2/3 * 11 = 8] was not reached)

Marco started the meeting by announcing that "this University sucks."

Nevin then gave the General Manager's Report.  He introduced Nilay
Patel, who is IBM's Representative to the UCB campus.  Mr. Patel
explained that IBM wants to set up a server on campus to provide
services for IBM users on campus similar to what moby provides for
Sun and DEC users.  At the same time, IBM wants to help the OCF.

The target date for delivery of a machine is mid-May, but there is
a possibility that we may get a PowerPC based model with 32 megs
of RAM on a temporary basis within the next week or so.

Next, Ari gave the Site Manager's Report.  Plague has been having
some problems for the last few days, but they have apparently been
fixed by Keir and ERic.  Ari still isn't sure what the problem was
however.  New accounts are being created slowly, about 10 per week.

Next, Marco gave the Marco Report.  He talked to DCNS technician
Fleming Larsen about getting new ethernet taps hooked up.  Mr.
Larsen asked him to file some paperwork, so Marco got Brian Harvey
to request the money from the "Computer Science Various Donors Fund"
for the connections.  A request was made to CS Department Chair
Professor Robert Wilensky, but was rejected as "inappropriate".

>From here, the discussion turned in to a technical debate about
various Ethernet hardware.  Finally, a vote was called to decide
whether to appropriate $200 from the OCF budget for the connections.
It was unanimously agreed to appropriate the money.

The meeting was then interrupted to wish Happy Birthday to Jennifer
Snider, who celebrated her 18th birthday today.  Happy birthday,
jenni.

Finally, Ari announced that he has decided not to pursue any sort
of formal staff organization, since there was concern that is might
inhibit productivity.  The topic of how to handle mail sent to staff
was then discussed at length, including whether staff mail should
be stored in one central place to reduce disk usage and processing
required by plague to send out staff mail.

No decision was reached, and the meeting was officially adjourned
at 7:43 PM.

