                 Open Computing Facility General Meeting
			Wednesday, April 27, 1994

Present at this meeting: (BoD Members denoted by a *):

Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)               *Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)
*Peter Norby (norby@ocf)                *Chris Williams (clw@ocf)
*Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)            Alex Petrushko (alpet@ocf)
*Eric P. Lee (leeep@ocf)                Amy Baron (amee@ocf)
Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)             Andrew Swan (aswan@ocf)
Marcus Edward Lauer (melauer@ocf)       William Thompson (billy@ocf)
*Rachel Yotter (raytrace@ocf)           Bryce Roberts (broberts@ocf)
*Nevin Cheung (nevman@ocf)              David Chia (chiapet@ocf)
Chandraserhar Ramakrishwan (ciyer@ocf)  Dave Wong (dave@ocf)
Michael Scheel (ekim@ocf)               Thomas R. S. Gill (gill@ocf)
Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf)               Andrei Moutchkine (muchandr@ocf)
Peter Mardahl (peterm@ocf)              Sam Trenholme (set@ocf)
Cliff Stoll (stoll@ocf)                 Tracy Richard Scott (trscott@ocf)


Board members Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf) and Thomas Waung (twaung@ocf)
were not present but were not dropped since they attended the last
meeting.  Chris G. Demetriou (cgd@ocf) was dropped from the board after
not attending the last meeting.

A BoD quorum of 7 members was achieved.

The meeting was called to order at approximately 7:13 p.m. by General
Manager Nevin Cheung.

AGENDA:

I	Welcome
II	Announcements - General Manager's Report - Neven Cheung
		- OCF Budget for 1994-1995
		- IBM Deal
		- Apollo Donations - Kenji Hubbard and Marco Nicosia
III	Site Manager's Report - Ari Zilka
IV	IS&T Report - Marco Nicosia
V	Other Announcements
VI	Guest Speaker
		- Cliff Stoll, Author of _The Cuckoo's Egg_
		  "Stalking the Wily Hacker"



II	Announcements

OCF Budget for 1994-1995: The ASUC has accepted our proposed budget
at $7,210.  This budget includes $1,500 in stipends for the GM & 
SM, money for ether taps, and for a new printer.  The ASUC Senate
must still approve this budget, and are scheduled to do so at their
meeting being held at the same time as this OCF meeting.  It is believed
that Ari Zilka and Kenji Hubbard are attending the meeting in addition
to David Paschich.

Some department at UCLA may be transfering about 20 Apollos of some kind
to the OCF.  Marco is working on this and it is not definite yet.

We have around 12 SUN 3 server racks that we have no place to put that
we are trying to figure out what to do with.

IBM is providing a desk-side server for the OCF to run as a fileserver
for the campus.  IBM workstations on campus would have to be allowed
to NFS mount the machine to get access to files.  This machine has
not actually been seen yet, and where it will go is a big question.
It would also be nice to put it onto the FDDI backbone instead of 
some ethernet subnet.  IBM and the OCF will be working on those
issues.

III	Site Manager's Report

Tabled to see if Ari will be here to give it himself.

IV	IS&T Report

Marco gave an overview of the IST/OCF talks to date (with lots of 
bubbles on the board).  We are currently looking for a relationship,
not necessarily any financial support.  Such a relationship would
involve trust and commitment.  Access to the IST machine room 
does not look likely, as we've been turned down recently.  We've
also been turned down recently to have CS pay for some ethernet
taps.

III	Site Manager's Report

Nevin Cheung gave the SM's report in his absence.  We've had a lot
of growth in the past semester--we're now up to 7,600 or more users.
In late February several machines had serious problems, causing
many cluster problems.  Things are working again now, with two new
660 MB hard drives installed.  We are planning a reregistration
for next semester, but the logistics won't be finalized until sometime
in the summer or early fall since we don't know what our hardware
will look like then.  In the last semester we've also added a new
functional machine and about 20 MB in new RAM.

V	Other Announcements

Jennifer Snyder and Peter Norby requested to be added to the BoD.
Both were approved unanimously (although it was later discovered
that Peter Norby was already on the BoD anyway).

VI	Guest Speaker

Cliff Stoll gave a guest talk until about 9:15 p.m. when the
meeting ended.

Respectfully submitted,

Rune Stromsness
