                 Open Computing Facility General Meeting
			Wednesday, May 4, 1994

Present at this meeting: (BoD Members denoted by a *):

Marco Nicosia (marco@ocf)               *Jean Yim (jyim@ocf)
*Peter Norby (norby@ocf)                *Chris Williams (clw@ocf)
*Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)            *Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)
*Eric P. Lee (leeep@ocf)                William Thompson (billy@ocf)
*Jennifer Snider (jenni@ocf)            Andrew Swan (aswan@ocf)
*Rachel Yotter (raytrace@ocf)           *Thomas Waung (twaung@ocf)
*Nevin Cheung (nevman@ocf)              *Ari Zilka (ari@ocf)


No board members were not present.

A quorum of 8 members was achieved.

The meeting was called to order at approximately 7:10 p.m. by General
Manager Nevin Cheung.

AGENDA:

* General Manager's Report
* Site Manager's Report
* Next meeting time
* ASUC Budget


* General Manager's Report

9 SUN machines donated in the last week are in Stat storage,

IBM will have a small machine ready whenever we can get net and security,
and are still talking about giving us a nicer machine to allow their
software to be NFS mounted by other IBM machines on campus.

The Space Committee will be meeting this Friday to decide who gets what
space in Evans Hall when people move this summer.  We have a request in
for the 5th floor machine room.  About 50% odds of actually getting the
room.  IST is being very helpful in this process.

* Site Manager's Report

Around 80 accounts were created last week.  Plague has begun crashing
semi-regularly again, and some other problems are beginning to crop
up that had gone away after the new registry was installed on Monsoon.

* Next meeting time

Meeting on Monday or Wednesday or some other time next week was 
discussed.  The main item of business would be the appointment of
interim (summer) GM and SM.  Wednesday was agreed upon in principal.
Nevin will decide and announce the meeting.

* ASUC Budget

We will very likely have office space in Eshleman Hall next semester.
Our budget needs to be finalized within the next few weeks.  We
are currently planning on $7,210 from the ASUC and possibly another
$500 from donations.

After some discussion supporting the abolishment of stipends for the
SM and GM a motion was made by Jean to give no stipends in the budget.
The motion was seconded by Kenji.  The motion passed 11-0-0.

The preliminary budget looked like this:

	$1500 stipends
	$ 100 stationary
	$ 100 telephone
	$  10 postage
	$ 150 photocopying-tutorials
	$ 350 administrative photocopying
	$1000 toner and paper
	$1500 ethernet installation charges
	$ 500 ethernet costs
	$1500 new printer
	$ 400 hard disk replacement
	$ 100 purchase of hard drive controller
	$ 300 purchase of memory
	$ 200 purchase of monitor
	-----
	$7710 ($7210 ASUC, $500 donations)

After much discussion and moving around of money, a revised budget
was suggested to Nevin:
	$1900 new printer
	$ 300 service contract on printer
	$ 500 phone lines (2--1 regular, 1 campus-only)
	$ 100 stationary
	$  10 postage
	$ 500 photocopying
	$1000 toner and paper
	$1000 misc. equipment replacement
	$1900 reallocated miscellaneous
	-----
	$7210 total

There was some discussion as to whether or not it is worthwile to be 
buying more Apollo hardware since it is a dead-end architecture.
There was some discussion as to whether or not we should spend everything 
on one or two SUN upgrades from our current machines.

The budget was left up to Nevin to specifically file with the ASUC after
inquiring about some budget rules in question.

The meeting was adjourned at 8:22 p.m.

Respectfully submitted,

Rune Stromsness
