Date: Tue, 28 Sep 1999 23:02:05 -0700 (PDT)From: Jennifer Tsoi <jentsoi@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>To: bod@OCF.Berkeley.EDUSubject: Board of Directors Minutes, 22 September 1999BoD minutes, for your approval.  Corrections/comments welcome.  If thereare no corrections/comments, I'll post this to ocf-announce on Friday.Jen-----                OCF Board of Directors Meeting                        22 September 1999Board members present:	Eugene Chan (ceugene)	Devin Jones (jones) (gm)	Bem Ajani Jones-Bey (ajani)	Yosen Lin (yosenl)	Stephen McCamant (smcc)	Ken Ott (kenao) (gm)	Susie Tang (suztang)	Luns Tee (tee)        Katrina Templeton (katster) (sm)        Jennifer Tsoi (jentsoi)        Board members absent:        Stephen Callahan (calman)	Wendy Hwang (wenhwang)	Susie Kang (skang)Others present:	Kaliya Young (kaliya)         The meeting was opened at 5:10pmAgenda:	I.   Welcome	II.  Reports		General Manager		Site Manger	III. Old Business		Web hosting policy	IV.  New Business		New staff training		Upcoming events		Other/publicity	V.   Announcements		Board meeting times		Board drops	VI.  Go HomeII. Reports	General Manager	Devin and Ken report that lots of miscellaneous/random things	happened in the past week.  The OCF was featured in a DailyCal	article on 14 September 1999.  There was an ASUC bill, SB27,	introducted at a Senate meeting that stipulated that the OCF 	must move out 5 days after said bill passed.  Devin and Ken	attended this meeting, and convinced the committee otherwise.	The bill was struck.  While this bill did not pass, we still	should get a timeline going for moving out of 217 Eshleman and	into 310/312 Eshleman.  Ken proposed that we shut off some	of the less used DECs by 9/22, and by the first week of October,	move about 1/2 of our stuff into the new space.  Devin and Ken	also submited a proposal to get the 24-hour lab space at	Heller Lounge.  They are also working on trying to get the	UC Seal to use on our website.  As for donations, they have	emailed Inktomi for a software donation.  Devin also mentioned	that there is a possibility of large amounts of hardware donations,	from the Tertiary Disk Array Project (headed by Professor	Patterson), and from the Network of Workstations Project (headed	by Professor Culler).  However, the OCF will need to come up	with some good proposals for their use to be able to beat out	some other campus groups who are also trying to get that donation.		Site Manager	Kat had nothing to report.	III. Old Business	Web hosting policy	More than one student group has approached the OCF this semester	wanting *.berkeley.edu web addresses.  The Board agreed in 	principle that this was a good thing and that it was a service	that we should definitely consider providing.  However, the OCF	needs to get some recognition for providing this service.  A more 	formal policy will be drafted up next week.  Issues that need to 	be dealt with include: for whom do we provide this service, and	what type of recognition we should pursue.		        IV. New Business	New Staff Training	Some ideas were tossed out regarding what is the best method	for knowledge to pass from old staff to new staff.  Ken suggested	the idea of a "new staff binder," where information for new	staff (such as instructions on how to approve accounts, how	to deal with user problems, etc.) could be stored.  Devin	suggested more formal training, where some of the old staff	could do "training sessions" for the new staff on a rotational	basis.	Upcoming Events	9/23 - Student Activities Fair, 10a-3p, upper Sproul Plaza.	Ken asked for signups to help sit at the OCF table during	those hours, and some Board members signed up for various times.	10/21 - Start-up Job Fair	Devin said this was an event where small, pre-IPO companies come	to campus one day and relax, chat, and eat pizza with any students	who drop by.  If anyone knows any pre-IPO start-ups who may want	to particpate in this, or if you want to help out Devin in 	organizing this event, contact gm@ocf  For more info on the fair,	please see:		http://www.csua.berkeley.edu/jobsfair/startup.html		Staff socials	Ken suggested the idea of a staff social so that all staff can	get to know one another.  Locations suggested for such social:	LaVals's Pizza, Raleigh's.	Flyering	Ken hopes to hand out some new posters and flyers next week	for flyering and posting in various places (DCs, campus buildings,	etc.).V. Announcements	Board meeting time	The Board decided that meetings shall take place on Wednesdays	at 5:00pm, location TBA.  We will work on finding a permanent	room for the meetings.	Board drops	The following were dropped from the Board of Directors for	two consecutive weeks absence:		Wendy Hwang (wenhwang)		Susie Kang (skang)The meeting was closed at 6:00pm.