Date: Thu, 30 Sep 1999 18:01:32 -0700 (PDT)From: Jennifer Tsoi <jentsoi@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>To: bod@OCF.Berkeley.EDUSubject: Board of Directors Minutes, 29 September 1999BoD minutes, for your approval.  Corrections/comments welcome.  If thereare no corrections/comments, I'll post this to ocf-announce on Monday.Jen-----                OCF Board of Directors Meeting                        29 September 1999Board members present:        Stephen Callahan (calman)	Devin Jones (jones) (gm)	Bem Ajani Jones-Bey (ajani)	Stephen McCamant (smcc)	Ken Ott (kenao) (gm)	Susie Tang (suztang)        Katrina Templeton (katster) (sm)        Jennifer Tsoi (jentsoi)        Board members absent:        Eugene Chan (ceugene)	        Yosen Lin (yosenl)	Luns Tee (tee)Others present:	Eugene Kim (eek)	Akop Pogosian (akopps)        The meeting was opened at 5:15pmAgenda:	I.   Welcome	II.  Reports		General Manager		Site Manger	III. Old Business		Web hosting policy		Co-Location policy		Printer purchase	IV.  New Business		Moving to 310/312 Eshleman		Web-based email		Staff social		Flyering		Publicity budget		Traning for future root-staff/SM		User complaints regarding messages/pop bulletins		ComfyBears		Board meeting location	V.   BoD Elections	VI.  Go HomeII. Reports	General Manager	Devin reports that the the OCF participated in the Student	Activites Fair on 9/23 and it was great.  We set up a table and	many people stopped by.  Thanks to those who helped make it a 	success.  The OCF was also able to obtain a large, reclining	chair via an anonymous donation for the ComfyBears publicity	idea (see New Business).  Thanks to old staff member Eric	Mehlhaff (mehlhaff) who helped transport the chair to 217	Eshleman.  The OCF was also able to obtain (free) 2 large, used	whiteboards for our use (one in better condition than the other).	Ken reports that much of the equipment in 217 Eshlemen has been	moved to a pile, waiting to be moved upstairs to 310/312.	There's also been ongoing work done on the webpage.	Site Manager	Kat reports that Luns installed the CDR on mudslide.  Solaris 7	will be installed on mudslide soon.III. Old Business	Web hosting policy	Devin drafted up a policy that was sent out via email to the	Board members to consider.  The highlights:	    * The OCF will do web-hosting for student groups at our	      discretion. In exchange, said groups agree to formally	      recognize the OCF for providing this service, such as	      in the form of a banner ad or a link to us.	    * There are two options on how we will redirect their site:	      1) name.berkeley.edu is typed and appears as the web address	      2) name.berkeley.edu is typed and appeas as		 www.ocf.berkeley.edu/~name/        The Board also suggested some additions to Devin's draft:	    * The requesting student group should present their request	      at a Board meeting.	    * The OCF reserves the right to terminate web-hosting for	      groups at its discretion.  Reasons for termination may	      include: un-updated pages (a sign of disuse and thus no	      longer in need of this), or violation of any rules as set	      forth in our User Agreement.	While it was agreed that the student groups will need to obtain	the name.berkeley.edu domain from IS&T, there were disagreements	on what role the OCF should play in helping these groups get the	names.  Should we post the instructions on our webpage to	faciliate student groups who want to obtain this so that they may	request the domain from IS&T themselves?  Or should we	act as the intermediary between the student group and IS&T and	ask the IS&T for the domain on behalf of the student group?	Because of time constraints, the Board decided to table this	issue to the Board mailing list and to next week's meeting.	Co-Location	The Board decided to amend the OCF's 0fficial Co-Location Policy	(per Board meeting 28 March 1998) with the following:	    * All co-location requests must have a termination date, and 	      none should be longer than one semester.  Applicants may	      re-submit their request each semester, which is subject	      to review by the Board.	The motion passed unanimously.	Printer purchase	The motion to approve purchase of a printer (HP LaserJet4050N,	$1,378) was passed by email vote: 6-0-5.  The GMs will speak	with the ASUC regarding how we can make this purchase without	the use of a purchase order (i.e., on personal credit card).IV. New Business	Moving to 310/312 Eshleman	Ken says that room 310 looks like it hasn't been touched at	all by the previous occupants since the beginning of the	semester.  Room 312, however, has been vacated, and we should	move some of the stuff in 217 to 312.	Web-based email (by mid-October 1999)	Ken wanted to begin development and internal testing of a	web-based email system for the OCF.  We will also need a	certificate for authentication/security purposes.  Stephen	McCamant mentioned that we can accomplish these things withhout 	certificates, but we would not be adding any security.	Staff social	Ken wants to organize a staff social in mid-October so that	staff can get to know each other.  It will be on a Saturday	evening (like 10/16 or 10/23) and Ken hopes many staff will be	able to attend.  A subcommittee was formed to help organize this,	consisting of Devin, Ken, and Suzie.  Others who want to help	out, please email gm@ocf	Flyering	Ken made about 500 flyers to be posted up in various places:	dorms, DCs, and campus buildings.  There were many volunteers	to flyer in the buildings they had classes.  Flyers will be	available in 217 Eshleman.  Please take some and help flyer.	Publicity budget	There was a motion to approve up to $2,000.00 of our current	budget for publicity-related expenses, such as paper, staple gun,	copies, etc.  The motion was seconded and passed 6-0-2.	Training for future root staff/SM (October 1999)	Devin will post some relevant topics on the web and also email	them out to BoD.  System adminstration training can be done	by the current root staff on a rotational basis.  Kat	announced that there will be a staff meeting in 217 Eshleman	after the BoD meeting.  All staff are highly encouraged to attend.	User complaints regarding messages/pop bulletins	There have been a few user complaints regarding the amount	of mail that is currently being sent to ocf-announce (mostly	meeting announcements and meeting minutes).  Ideas that were	tossed out to address this were:	    * A short message/blurb at the beginning of the message	      explaining to users what the mail was and why they are	      receiving it.	    * A "digest" that users could choose to subscribe to in	      order to receive these messages.	ComfyBears	ComfyBears is a publicity idea that gives people a nice interface	with Tele-Bears.  We will bring the chair out to Sproul, have a	phone connected to it, and allow people to access Tele-Bears	from the comfort of the chair.  We were able to obtain a large	chair from an anonymous donation.	Board Meeting location	Ken will work on getting a permanent room that has movable	desks and chais so that we may have the meetings in a circle.	Also, some Board members objected to Dwinelle as a location	because the building layout can be quite confusing.V. Board elections	Eugene Kim (eek) and Akop Pogosian (akopps) were elected to the	Board by a vote of 6-0-2.The meeting was closed at 6:35pm.
