Path: agate!ucbvax!OCF.BERKELEY.EDU!coganman
From: coganman@OCF.BERKELEY.EDU (Andrei Cogan)
Newsgroups: ucb.org.ocf
Subject: Minutes of the General Meeting, September 9, 1993
Message-ID: <199309100430.AA02249@whirlwind.berkeley.edu>
Date: 10 Sep 93 04:29:55 GMT
Sender: daemon@ucbvax.BERKELEY.EDU
Lines: 143


	The first OCF General Meeting of the Fall 1993 Semester was called
to order by General Manager Keir Morgan at 6:43 P.M. 9 September 1993 in
120C Sibley.

	The official agenda was, officially stated, stated officially as
follows:

	o Approval of the faculty sponsor
	o Election of a General Manager
	o Election of a Site Manager
	o Election of the Board of Directors


	The GM (kmorgan) started off by giving the "State of the OCF" speech
that was supposed to be given by the SM, who did not show up until later. At
this moment, we are currently adding about fifty new users a week, after the
intitial rush of the first two weeks of school. We currently have 14
machines active, three of which have color display, and we are back up to
4500 accounts, after having backed up to tape and then removed several
thousand accounts that were not reregistered last semester. This action
freed up approximately 2.3 gigabytes of disk space, so for the time being,
we are ok in terms of the almost-inevitable disk crunch. The only real
complaint we are receiving from users is that staff hours are too irregular,
which will be taken care of now that staff members' schedules are starting
to settle down.


	The first official item on the agenda was the reapproval of the
OCF's faculty sponsor, Computer Science professor Brian Harvey. A question
was raised as to who specifically requires the OCF to have a faculty
sponsor, whether it is ASUC regulations, university policy, or what.
Nonetheless, BH was reapproved by acclamation.


	The next item was the election of the General Manager. The
responsibilities of the GM include handling acting as treasurer, handling
public relations and general publicity, and acting as liaison between the
OCF and other supervisory bodies on campus. Candidates were Steve Huntsberry
(steveh), Keir Morgan (kmorgan) and Mike Scheel (ekim). Each candidate spoke
about his respective qualifications and desires, after which a
question-and-answer session was started.

	Questions were raised over the following topics:

	o What links do you have to other University organizations that
directly or indirectly affect the OCF (such as IS&T, TCS, etc.)?
	o What is the role of the BOD vis a vis the GM in choosing interim
GM/SM during the summer?
	o What are your views regarding OCF usage policies and their
enforcement?
	o What should we do with the $1800 that was raised in last
semester's fund-raising drive?
	o What do you think of the current BOD meeting procedures?
	o What is your opinion of electronic democracy/direct voting on OCF
policy by ALL members by email?
	o What do you think of the current games policy?
	o What UNIQUE roles does the OCF fulfill on campus?

	steveh said "I have 140 units." psb was not impressed.

	The vote was as follows:

	!psb		3
	kmorgan		17
	steveh		3
	ekim		0
	margaret	1
	appel4god	1

	Keir Morgan was reconfirmed as General Manager for the Fall 1993
Semester.


	The next item was the election of the Site Manager. The duties of
the SM are to manage the hardware and software of the cluster, and to
supervise the staff members.

	Nominations were for:

	lars, shyguy, steveh, and blojo

	The first round of elections was as follows:

	lars		9
	shyguy		2
	steveh		7
	blojo		6
	kmorgan		1
	Undead Warrior	1
	!psb		2

	Per OCF voting rules, the only the top two vote-getters were
eligible for the next round of elections.

	lars		15
	steveh		7
	blojo		1

	Lars Smith was confirmed as the Fall 1993 Site Manager.


	The final item on the agenda was choosing a new Board of Directors.
All the nominees were approved in the vote. The following is the OCF BOD for
the Fall 1993 Semester.

	runes		(Rune Stromsness)
	clw		(Chris Williams)
	jwlin		(Johnathan Lin)
	jules		(Julian Leong)
	steveh		(Steve Huntsberry)
	kenji		(Kenji Hubbard)
	shyguy		(David Shy)
	norby		(Peter Norby)

	The meeting was adjourned at 8:06 P.M., at which time it became a
CSUA general meeting.

	The next Board of Directors meeting has been scheduled for Thursday,
16 September at 7:00 P.M. in 120[ABC] Sibley. All are encouraged to attend.


	Attendance was as follows:

coganman marc ncheung broberts clw marto runes ekim dpassage !psb jules lars
mlee meyers chiapet jwlin shyguy norby steveh mehlhaff kenji doosh! alanc
moray sowings peterm jyim marco kmorgan seidl welch blojo aaron chaynges
stoddart

	Lackadaisically Submitted,

	Andrei Cogan (coganman@soda.berkeley.edu)

	

-- 
   Andrei Cogan (coganman@soda.berkeley.edu)  |||  When in doubt, panic.
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you think it will take,    |
|   even if you take into account Hofstadter's Law.                        |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                "Be kind to your brain cells, I say" - Joe B.             |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
