	     Open Computing Facility Board of Directors Meeting
			Thursday, October 7, 1993

Present at this meeting: (BoD Members denoted by a *):

*Keir Morgan (kmorgan@ocf)              Peter Mardahl (peterm@ocf)
*David Shy (shyguy@ocf)                 *Rune Stromsness (runes@ocf)
*Chris L. Williams (clw@ocf)            *Johnathan W. Lin (jwlin@ocf)
Partha S. Banerjee (psb@ocf)            *Kenji Hubbard (kenji@ocf)
Steve Martinot (marto@ocf)              ERic Mehlhaff (mehlhaff@ocf)

Absent BoD Members:
Lars Smith (lars@ocf)

AGENDA:

 o Announcements
 o DMB Elections
 o Group Policy
 o Donations
 o Alumni/Guest Accounts
 o Games policy


The meeting was called to order by the General Manager, Keir Morgan,
at approximately 7:15 p.m.

ANNOUNCEMENTS:

UCLink has been down a lot lately due to problems with it's new processor
upgrade.

VP McCredie says that he'll give us a response to our proposal by next
week.

Hardware aquisitions are still moving along slowly.  ERic Mehlhaff
suggested that we pursue obtaining terminals to hard-wire onto machines.

DMB ELECTIONS:

Nominations were accepted for Peter Mardahl (peterm), Partha Banerjee
(psb), and Chris Williams (clw).  The results of the secret ballot were
6-0-0 for each candidate, so all three were elected to the DMB.

GROUP POLICY:

The BoD discussed whether or not to charge fees for group accounts or not,
and whether group accounts should exist at all.  After no decision was
reached for some time, a motion was made to table the topic until next
meeting when Rune Stromsness (runes) would have a proposal written out.
He will post it to the bod mailing list before the next meeting.

DONATIONS:

The BoD discussed what to do with the money collected in the donation 
drive last spring.  The discussion covered whether or not the board
should decide what to do at all, whether or not a general meeting
should be called, if the board should make one or more reccomendations
to a general meeting, whether the money could be invested to earn 
interest, whether we should buy a tape drive, a disk controller & memory
to bring up another workstation, or to save the money until we know
if/what we will be getting in donations and/or from IST.  No 
decisions were reached and the topic was tabled.

ALUMNI/GUEST ACCOUNTS:

The topic of alumni or guest accounts was discussed by the board.  The
idea of allowing Cal alumni to pay to continue their accounts was 
suggested, but this might not be allowed of SISG's.  Someone suggested
that it might be possible to arrange an agreement with the Alumni
Association to offer accounts in return for money or some other benefit.
It was mentioned that guest accounts are currently allowed with the 
approval of the Site Manager or General Manager, but there is no 
concrete policy on when those should be granted.

GAME POLICY:

This topic was tabled due to lack of time before the room was to be
closed.


The Meeting was adjourned at approximately 8:50 p.m.
