
                           OPEN COMPUTING FACILITY
                                       
                              BOARD OF DIRECTORS
                                       
Minutes of April 18, 1995 Meeting

  AGENDA
     * Announcements
     * General Manager Report
     * EJC Report
     * Sparc Manager Report
     * Site Manager Report
     * Other Business & General Discussion
       
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
  ATTENDANCE
  
   Board Members Present:
          (11 of the 13 members attended, so a quorom was achieved.)
          
          + Erik Agee <agee>
          + Alan Coopersmith <alanc> [Secretary]
          + Kenji Hubbard <kenji>
          + Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky>
          + David C. Lee <lcddave>
          + Erik Muller <erikm>
          + Saar Picker <saarp>
          + David Shih <shyguy> [Site Manager]
          + Jennifer Snider <jenni> [General Manager]
          + Thomas Waung <twaung>
          + Chris Williams <clw>
            
   Others Present:
          
          + Peter Mardahl <peterm>
          + Andrew Swan <aswan>
            
   Members Absent:
          Those on their second consecutive absence and who are
          automatically dropped from the board for missing this meeting:
          
          + ShaColby Jackson <shac>
          + Tracy Scott <trscott>
            
   
     _________________________________________________________________
   
   The meeting was called to order at 7:15 pm in 120a Bechtel by
   Jennifer.
   
  ANNOUNCEMENTS
  
   Jennifer announced that the OCF Secretary was a klutz for dropping
   scissors point first on her foot. The secretary apologized and tried
   to make up for it by announcing it was the General Manager's birthday
   on Thursday and producing a cake in recognition of the event. He
   however, then proceeded to torture the GM by making her listen to the
   Board attempt to sing ``Happy Birthday'' to her.
   
  GENERAL MANAGER REPORT
  
   Jennifer reported that recent arrivals in the OCF's Eshleman mail box
   included an ad addressed to Marco for International House Catering
   services, a flyer addressed to Nevin for a workshop on ``Empowerment
   of Women of Color,'' and a memo from Matt Dundon regarding the
   progress of the ASUC budget process, information on the upcoming
   office space assignment process, the due date for the year-end
   progress report, and an annoucement of his planned retirement as ASUC
   SISG coordinator.
   
   Jennifer also told the Board that Kenji & Alan would like to have the
   OCF buy some Apollo manuals soon, but need to get prices for them
   still. She then pointed a large, cake-encrusted knife at the secretary
   and told him to get caught up on the minutes soon. He promised to do
   so RSN.
   
  EJC REPORT
  
   Saar reported that the EJC now has it's very own World Wide Web page.
   EJC held elections at its last meeting and Saar was elected Secretary
   for next year.
   
  SPARC MANAGER REPORT
  
   Kenji said ``Kenji and Andrew suck. End of report.'' When asked for
   further detail, he and Andrew said their long range plans are to have
   a sparc up and ready for logins sometime over the summer. They have
   met twice in the last two weeks with the staffers helping set things
   up, but don't plan to meet this week. Anyone who wants to help with
   the sparcs who hasn't attended a meeting should send mail to
   sparc-managers@ocf. Kenji said they could also contact him at ``Kenji,
   Kenji, and Kenji - A Professional Twink Corporation.''
   
   The two 1.0 gigabyte drives ended up costing $1145 for good quality
   IBM drives. Kenji asked the board for an additional $250 to buy the
   remaining 2.0 gig drive the board authorized, since the remainder of
   the original $2000 allocation would not be enough to cover it. The
   board voted unanimously to allocate another $250.
   
  SITE MANAGER REPORT
  
   David Shih told the board he was not sure yet if he was going to be
   around to serve as Site Manager over the summer.
   
  OTHER BUSINESS & GENERAL DISCUSSION
  
   Jennifer reminded the board that there was a General Meeting next
   week, on Tuesday, April 25.
   
   Erik Muller presented the proposed revision to the electronic voting
   Bylaw he had been asked to write. His proposal was to change this:
   
     5. Resolutions by the Board of Directors can be put to a vote
     electronically. When putting a resolution to the Board in this
     manner, all Board members must be included in the request for votes.
     To pass an issue this way, at least half of all the Board members
     must agree. If the motion fails to achieve a majority within
     seventy-two hours of being called to such a vote, the motion fails.
     The results of the vote will be posted in role call form.
     
   to this:
   
     5. The Board of Directors may vote electronically on matters of
     immediate importance. When putting a resolution to the Board in this
     manner, all Board members must be included in the request for votes.
     To pass a resolution, at least half of all the Board members must
     agree within seventy-two hours. Within forty-eight hours of the
     request for electronic voting, any board member may vote to postpone
     the matter until the next regular Board meeting for further
     discussion. If the motion fails to achieve a majority of the Board
     within seventy-two hours of being called to such a vote, the motion
     fails. The results of the vote will be recorded by the Secretary and
     posted in roll call form.
     
   
   
   The board discussed Erik's proposal and decided to rewrite it as this:
   
     5. The Board of Directors may vote electronically on matters of
     immediate importance. When putting a resolution to the Board in this
     manner, all Board members must be included in the request for votes.
     The objection to an electronic vote of any one board member within
     48 hours of the initial request is sufficient to postpone the matter
     until the next regular Board meeting for further discussion. If the
     motion fails to achieve a majority of the Board within seventy-two
     hours of being called to such a vote, the motion fails. The results
     of the vote will be recorded by the Secretary and posted in roll
     call form.
     
   
   
   Kenji moved to accept the revised version as the new electronic-voting
   bylaw. The board voted 10-0 to approve the change.
   
   Tom Waung reported that Ari is still working on the user
   reregistration software, and is currently shooting for a summer
   completion date.
   
   Jennifer reported that Marco Nicosia & Brion Moss moved some of the
   OCF Sun 3 hardware stored in the XCF office to the CSUA office, but
   the CSUA has asked us to find another home for it soon.
   
   She said that when she spoke to Marco about this matter he asked her
   why the Board is not working on his Pentium proposal and said he
   thought the board has no vision. Kenji asked why Marco hadn't told the
   board this himself.
   
   Jennifer said that the people porting NetBSD to Apollos has asked if
   we could give them some hardware to help in their porting effort.
   While the board agreed that having an Apollo version of NetBSD would
   be a good thing for the OCF, they wanted to know what hardware was
   needed before agreeing to anything.
   
   Jennifer brought up a complaint the OCF recently received about a user
   who was being ``fingered'' by someone on another system that she had
   obtained a court order to keep from contacting her. The user
   complained she was being harassed by his fingers and asked the OCF to
   stop him. It was pointed out that while finger can be used to monitor
   someone's location, it's generally not a form of communication, any
   more than just looking someone up in a phone book is. The general
   consensus of the Board was that it wasn't really any of our business,
   and that if she wanted to do something she would have to contact the
   administrators of the other person's system or whoever was responsible
   for enforcing the court order.
   
   Jennifer reported that an OCF user recently insisted on paying $8 for
   printing 150 pages on our printers, and that the OCF had recently
   bought compressed air for cleaning the machines. She was asked if this
   was helium, and said that it wasn't, but she could arrange for tanks
   of nitrous if the OCF really needed them. The board couldn't think of
   any use other than livening up board meetings, so the matter was
   dropped.
   
   The meeting was closed at 8:14 pm. The general meeting will be
   Tuesday, April 25, 1995 in Sibley Auditorium (Second Floor of Bechtel
   Hall) at 7 pm.
     _________________________________________________________________
   
    Respectfully submitted,
    
    Alan Coopersmith, OCF Secretary
